I got a tip on a bet.
tip
a secret or expert piece of advice about what the result of a competition, etc. is likely to be, especially about which horse is likely to win a race

The more illegal, the more dough u can milk out of it.
dough
money

anyone got some change?
change
the money that you get back when you have paid for something giving more money than the amount it costs

I'm getting increasingly fed up.
fed up
bored or unhappy, especially with a situation that has continued for too long

She's milked a small fortune from the company over the years.
milk 
to obtain as much money, advantage, etc. for yourself as you can from a particular situation, especially in a dishonest way

That accident, u pinned that on me. 
pinned on
to make somebody be blamed for something, especially for something they did not do

He overcame a strong temptation to run away.
overcome 
to succeed in dealing with or controlling a problem that has been preventing you from achieving something

I couldn't stand u from the begining, Joe and Sara pampered u all the time.
pampered
to take care of somebody very well and make them feel as comfortable as possible

He's getting all the limelight again!
limelight 
the focus of public attention

I'd be absolutely delighted to come.
delighted
very pleased

She's dedicated to her job.
dedicated
(SYNONYM committed) working hard at something because it is very important to you

The last few words of the letter were smeared.
SYNONYM smudge
to rub writing, a drawing, etc. so that it is no longer clear; to become not clear in this way

He must pulled some shenanigans or they'd never have chosen him, how else could he have become the commander?
shenanigans 
secret or dishonest activity or maneuvering

Her perfectly tanned skin.
tanned
​having a brown skin colour as a result of being in the sun

The otherworld gate connects the real world and the otherworld, once connection is established, monsters will stream out.
stream out
to move continuously in one direction

I could do u bidding.
bid
what somebody asks or orders you to do

A new form for u to transmigrate into this world in.
transmigrate
​the process of a person’s soul passing into another body after death

The jack of clubs.
jack
(in a pack of cards) a card with a picture of a young man on it, normally worth more than a ten and less than a queen

See if you can pick me out in this photo.
pick out    
to recognize somebody/something from among other people or things

You need to stop feeling sorry for yourself and just get on with your life.
get on with
to continue doing (something)
