The car lights picked out a cat running across the road.
picked out
to make something easy to see or hear

Who do u think u are? Cowering there in ur corner like the trash u are!
cower
to bend low and/or move backwards because you are frightened

He gripped his brother's arm lest he be trampled by the mob.
lest 
​in order to prevent something from happening

A distinct outward appearance.
outward
relating to the external appearance of something rather than its true nature or substance

If u've got a problem with me then kill me now! I'll still get by without u!
get by
manage with difficulty to live or accomplish something

Are u gonna give it a go?
give it a go
to try doing something

The car was hauled out of the river.
hauled
to pull something/somebody with a lot of effort

My take on children?
take
to have a particular feeling, opinion or attitude

What are u trynna do? Don't let off ur steam on me.
let off steam
get rid of pent-up energy or strong emotion

There's a rumour going about that they're having an affair.
go about
to spread from person to person

Despite the threat of war, people went about their business as usual.
go about
to continue to do something; to keep busy with something

You're not going about the job in the right way.
go about
(SYNONYM tackle)​ to start working on something

Her past experience made her uniquely suited to lead the campaign.
uniquely
in a very special or unusual way

A ripple of fear passed through him.
ripple
a feeling that gradually spreads through a person or group of people

The cause of the disease is difficult to pin down precisely.
pin down
​to explain or understand something exactly

These birds fly in huge flocks.
flock
a large group of people/ animal, especially of the same type

The hens are not laying well (= not producing many eggs).
laying
if a bird, an insect, a fish, etc. lays eggs, it produces them from its body

I get off to women screaming!
get off
be excited or aroused by something

I have to think of a reliable excuse fast or else it'll be har to get by.
get by
manage with difficulty to live or accomplish something

Don't get too arrogance, even though boss, and the others trust u, I won't let my guard down before ruling out ur suspicion!
ruling out
(SYNONYM exclude) to state that something is not possible or that somebody/something is not suitable
