My mood gradually lightened.
lightened
(SYNONYM cheer) to feel or make somebody feel less sad, worried or serious

Crimes allegedly committed during the war.
allegedly
expressed as though something is a fact but without giving any proof

The day was split up into 6 one-hour sessions.
split up
to divide something into smaller parts

I'd have come on my own if I wasn't so weak.
come
to arrive at or reach a place

I, too, have dirtied my hands since I was young, but as my life draws to a close, I'll do something that's proper for a policeman!
draws to a close
to come to an end

Please follow the proper procedures for dealing with complaints.
proper
right, appropriate or correct; according to the rules

He's so obtrusive and impertinent, that he won't be influenced by his surroundings.
obtrusive
​easy to notice in an unpleasant way

Just that fact, that it flutters about somewhere in this is making it hard for a lot of people to close their eyes at night.
flutters
to move lightly and quickly; to make something move in this way

The injured inspector Joe and the elusive Sara who's hunted by him, meet each other by chance in the world that's ruled by darkness and chaos.
elusive
difficult to find, define or achieve

He ran headlong into a police car.
headlong
quickly and without looking where you are going

A filigree object, exact to the milimeter.
filigree
ornamental work of fine (typically gold or silver) wire formed into delicate tracery

U're my personal martyrdom.
martyrdom
the painful experiences or death of a martyr(a person who tries to get sympathy from other people by telling them how much he or she is suffering)

The government is taking care not to rush headlong into another controversy.
headlong
without thinking carefully before doing something

The rain came down in torrents.
came down
(of rain, snow, etc.) to fall

She goes for tall slim men.
go for
to be attracted by somebody/something; to like or prefer somebody/something

Just slap some paint on the walls and it'll look fine.
slap on
​to spread something on a surface in a quick, careless way

He's still a bit wobbly after the operation.
wobbly
weak and unsteady because you are ill or tired

As the drug wore off I felt myself coming down.
coming down
to become less excited or happy, especially after taking drugs

U're eaten by remorse, aren't u?
remorse
the feeling of being extremely sorry for something wrong or bad that you have done

He waved to the adoring crowds.
adoring
showing much love
