I believe ur grandson's oppressed by great anxiety and fear.
oppressed
to treat somebody in a cruel and unfair way, especially by not giving them the same freedom, rights, etc. as other people

He broke off in the middle of a sentence.
broke off
to stop speaking or stop doing something for a time

Who the hell are u to barge in here and mess with me?
barge in 
​to enter a place or join a group of people, rudely interrupting what somebody else is doing or saying

She cuffed him lightly around his head.
cuffed
to hit somebody quickly and lightly with your hand, especially in a way that is not serious

They've broken off their engagement.
broke off
​to end something suddenly

His hands were cuffed behind his back.
cuffed
to put handcuffs on somebody

Fighting in a place bound by rules won't placate u grandson!
placate 
(SYNONYM pacify) to make somebody feel less angry about something

His drive to become the best fighter is rooted in his search por inner peace.
rooted
developing from or being strongly influenced by something

U don't wanna crease this shirt. U could hustle for 10 years an u still wouldn't be able to afford it.
hustle
to work as a prostitute

She had expected Dan to pick up on her insult.
pick up on sth
to react to something that has happened or that you have noticed.

I'm an expert on these thugs and how they think. It takes one to know one.
it takes one to know one
is a common idiom used to describe how one person relates to another

I saw him skulking around, cozying up to u so the bullies wouldn't get him.
skulking
to hide or move around secretly, especially when you are planning something bad

The prime minister has recently been cosying up to the trade unions.
cosy up to
to act in a friendly way towards somebody, especially somebody who will be useful to you

I'll go scope out Joe's crew.
scope out
to look at (someone or something) especially in order to get information 

We can't let our school a hotbed of gangsters.
hotbed
a place where a lot of a particular activity, especially something bad or violent, is happening

Now, let's go sort out those kids outside.
sort out
to deal with somebody’s/your own problems successfully

‘What do you want?’ she demanded roughly.
roughly
using force or not being careful and gentle

Roughly plastered walls.
roughly
in a way that does not leave a smooth surface

The fort was subjected to ceaseless bombardment
ceaseless
constant and unending

I don't believe it, general Joem an imperial leader, getting al flustered at the sight of is daughter!
flustered
​nervous and/or confused, especially because you have a lot to do or are in a hurry
