Most of her health problems stem from an accident she had when she was younger.
stem from
to be the result of sth // to be caused by (sth or sb) 

We waited til dawn came but nothing happened. Looks like it was a bad lead!
lead
(SYNONYM clue) a piece of information that may help to find out the truth or facts about a situation, especially a crime

The ceiling came down with a terrific crash.
come down
to break and fall to the ground

Seems like u're be at the end of your tether.
be at the end of your tether/ rope
to feel that you cannot deal with a difficult situation any more because you are too tired, worried, etc

Aren't we on stake out tonight?
stake out
continuously watch a place or person in secret.

U see, behind those facades there's a different world!
facade
the front of a building

The little girl was wailing miserably.
wailing
to make a long, loud, high noise because you are sad or in pain

We’ll have to be ruthless if we want to make this company more efficient.
ruthless
(of people or their behaviour) hard and cruel; determined to get what you want and not caring if you hurt other people

U like it? Makes u shiver in  pleasant way, doesn't it?
shiver
​(of a person) to shake slightly because you are cold, frightened, excited, etc.

This is the treshold to the dark side of the world!
threshold
the floor or ground at the bottom of a doorway, considered as the entrance to a building or room

I'll manage without the help of such a dubious guy!
manage
to succeed in doing something, especially something difficult

I know my shit!
i know my shit
to be very knowledgeable, especially in a particular area

I've already made back the amount I had shell out for u.
shell out
pay a specified amount of money, especially an amount that is resented as being excessive

Us working women have to develop our own way of thinking in the future!
us
used when the speaker or writer and another or others are the object of a verb or preposition, or after the verb be

I've bars in front of her window.
bar
to close something with a bar or bars

The only one who knows what transpired that day are u and Sara.
transpired 
occur; happen

The sky began to lighten in the east.
lighten
to become or make something become brighter or lighter in colour

Why are you all turning on me (= criticizing or blaming me)?
turn on
to attack somebody suddenly and unexpectedly

Jazz has never really turned me on.
turned on 
to make somebody excited or interested, especially sexually

Her heels sank into the plushy carpet
plushy
made of or resembling plush; soft to the touch
