Generics are usually less expensive than the original brand.
generic
​a version of an existing product that is not made by a well-known company

I was a fan back in the days when the band wasn't yet famous.
back in the days
at a particular time in the past

I'll explain the gist of the tournament right now.
gist
the main or general meaning of a piece of writing, a speech or a conversation

Survivors waited for the rescue boats, dazed and frightened.
dazed 
​unable to think clearly, especially because of a shock or because you have been hit on the head

Do u think I'll be taken out by ur punches just 'cuz I can't use my legs?
taken out
kill, destroy, or disable someone or something

Boss, where's the clapper?
clapper
the piece of metal inside a bell that hits the sides and makes the bell ring

Ideas for perking up bland food.
perk up
(SYNONYM liven up) to make something more interesting, more attractive, etc

He was lucky that the punch didn't lay him out.
lay sb up
to knock somebody unconscious

He's been beaten down by the evils of a corporate system.
beaten down
tire or wear down someone, especially to the point of defeat or surrender.

Her time is fully taken up with writing.
take up
​to fill or use an amount of space or time

A gust of laughter.
gust
a sudden strong expression of emotion

The rain was beating down and the streets were deserted.
beating down
(of rain) fall hard and continuously

I'd like to take up the point you raised earlier.
take up
​to continue something that somebody else has not finished, or that has not been mentioned for some time

A baggy T-shirt.
baggy
(OPPOSITE tight)​(of clothes) fitting loosely

Police officers had been trampling all over the ground.
trample
to step heavily on somebody/something so that you damage or harm them/it with your feet

I heard that prior to meeting me, u wouldn't do anything but booze, let alone take on and train a disciple.
let alone
​used after a statement to emphasize that because the first thing is not true or possible, the next thing cannot be true or possible either

I can't take on any extra work.
take on
to decide to do something; to agree to be responsible for something/somebody

We weren't born to be picked on. It's just that there hasn't been someone to weed out sociopath bullies like u!
weed out
to remove or get rid of people or things from a group because they are not wanted or are less good than the rest

Get on with it! We haven't got all day.
get on with
​to continue doing something, especially after you have been interrupted

He has no other avenue to deal with his anxiety.
avenue
​a choice or way of making progress towards something
