Hey, u guys! Stop rooting for Joe all the damn time!
root for
to support or encourage somebody in a sports competition or when they are in a difficult situation

I thought that being "Strong" meant being "Invencible", that it meani being "Imortal", powerful enough to shrung off any and all attacks.
shrug off
(SYNONYM dismiss) to treat something as if it is not important

Are u not be trifled with Joe?
trifled with
to treat somebody/something without real respect

Mr.Joe's still a bit of a bungler.
bungler
a person who does something badly or without skill

I won't be able to soar if I'm carrying it!
soar
to fly very high in the air or remain high in the air

So the boos is tardy on his frist day?
tardy
slow to act, move or happen; late in happening or arriving

I've been booted from the Hi Shin Unit.
booted
to force somebody to leave a place or job

Are u up for some more lessons?
up for it 
ready to take part in a particular activity.

The name has come down from the last century.
come down to sb
​to have come from a long time in the past

He's become dispirited since his leg was modified.
dispirited
​having no hope or enthusiasm

Get ur act together, rookie!
get act together
start to behave more appropriately or effectively; get organized

She peered through a slit in the screen.
slit
​a long, narrow cut or opening

She plunged the knife deep into his chest.
plunge sth in | plunge sth into sth
​to push something quickly and with force into something else

They have a high level of unemployment—but the same goes for many other countries.
goes for
​to apply to somebody/something

Something simple to ease u back in.
ease sb back in
ease yourself or someone else into a new job etc.

When such a gril is besotted by someone, she's capable of anything!
besotted
loving somebody/something so much that you do not behave in a sensible way

It's a badge of honor that many young workers wear to show that they're hustling( = work hard) seven days a week.
hustle
to act in an aggressive way or with a lot of energy

We've already arrest the perp a long time ago.
perp
​a perpetrator (= a person who commits a crime or does something that is wrong or evil)

There was an accident on the evening the homicide took place. The driver was drunk as skunk, his hand covered in blood.
(as) drunk as a skunk
very drunk

It doesn't matter who paid for 'em, I won't miss out on such things!
miss out on sth
to fail to benefit from something useful or fun by not taking part in it
