
Their new colour scheme is hideous!
hideous
(SYNONYM revolting) ​very ugly or unpleasant

He suddenly looked fierce.
fierce 
angry and aggressive in a way that is frightening

The area's teeming with parasites.
teeming
​present in large numbers; full of people, animals, etc. that are moving around

U need two foolproof plans!
foolproof
(SYNONYM infallible)(of a plan, machine, method, etc.) very well designed and easy to use so that it cannot fail and you cannot use it wrongly

Are u trynna get this Manga thrown out?
thrown out
to remove from a place, office, or employment usually in a sudden or unexpected manner

Anyhow, I'm heading off for now, so u can be the hero for a while.
heading off
to leave to go to another place

U're syll wlaking around all good and dandy.
good and dandy 
used to express agreement or approva

As soon as I saw that bastard, I felt an eerie chill cross my body.
eerie
(SYNONYM uncanny) ​strange, mysterious and frightening

U believe that? Ur gullibility has mede her this way!
gullibility
(SYNONYM naivety)the fact of being too willing to believe or accept what other people tell you, and therefore of being easily tricked

U insolent whelp! how dare u scoff a generous offer.
scoff 
(SYNONYM mock) to talk about somebody/something in a way that makes it clear that you think they are stupid or silly

Peace? Hope? To promote non-violence? To endure the pain? What arrant nonsense!
arrant
used to emphasize how bad something/somebody is

Aren't I being ripped off?
ripped off
to cheat somebody, by making them pay too much, by selling them something of poor quality, etc.

what? don't doze off Mustache. Remember what Michel said "No matter how screwed up the world is. Rock never dies".
doze off
to go to sleep, especially during the day

When Sara was nibbling on me u didn't say anything. Males have the right to bite too!
mibbling
to bite something with small bites, especially food

U were walking around topless before, do u plan to bottomless to?
topless
not wearing any clothes on the upper part of the body, especially so that the breasts are not covered

I can't get the door open—it's completely jammed.
jammed
not able to move

U're tired after this?
after
later than something; following something in time

Looks like even mad dogs can catch burglars every now and then.
burglar
a person who enters a building illegally in order to steal

Why are u still so hung up on this guitar?
be hung up on/about somebody/something
to be very worried about somebody/something; to be thinking about somebody/something too much
