Could you sort out the toys that can be thrown away?
sort out
​to separate something from a larger group

I immediately fell head over heels for Don.
head over
madly in love

Their protests went unheard.
unheard
that nobody pays attention to

stay away from him, he's bad news.
sb's bad news
one that is troublesome, unwelcome, or dangerous

The steady thrum of rain on the windows.
thrum /THrəm/
a continuous rhythmic humming sound

She quickly summed up the situation and took control.
summed up
(SYNONYM size up)​to form or express an opinion of somebody/something

The wind scrolled back the uppermost layer of loose dust.
scroll
cause to move like paper rolling or unrolling.

A circus performer on stilts
stilts
one of two long pieces of wood that have a step on the side that you can stand on, so that you can walk above the ground

Totally lazy—that just about sums him up.
sum up
to describe or show the most typical characteristics of somebody/something, especially in a few words

The fossils had been chipped out of the rock.
chipped
to cut or break small pieces off something with a tool

Why do you want to know?’ ‘No particular reason. I was just wondering.’
wonder /ˈwʌndər/
to think about something and try to decide what is true, what will happen, what you should do, etc.

He was lucky to get off with a small fine.
get off
​to receive no or almost no punishment; to help somebody do this

Ask someone to put you in touch with other suppliers.
in touch 
in or into communication

No matter how chaotic of a student u were, I'll tame u into a meek lamb.
meek
quiet, gentle, and always ready to do what other people want without expressing your own opinion

The article examines gender bias in our schools.
bias 
a strong feeling in favour of or against one group of people, or one side in an argument, often not based on fair judgement

Our newcomer is burning with that mush passion, how could we as seniors remain lukewarm(without enthusiasm)?
lukewarm 
not interested or enthusiastic

Do u have an inkling about who they are?
inkling /ˈɪŋklɪŋ/
(SYNONYM suspicion) ​a slight knowledge of something that is happening or about to happen

Weariness wages a war of attrition.
wages
a regular amount of money that you earn, usually every week or every month, for work or services
