I'm just speaking off the cuff here—I haven't seen the results yet.
off the cuff
​(of speaking, remarks, etc.) without previous thought or preparation

The department deferred the decision for six months.
deferred
(SYNONYM put off) to delay something until a later time

The written-down value of the stock.
written-down /ˈrɪtn, daʊn/
(business) to reduce the value of assets when stating it in a company’s accounts

I reckon she's pulling in over $100 000.
pulling in
SYNONYM make (16) to earn the large amount of money mentioned

The rooms had all been cleaned and aired.
aired
to allow fresh air into a room or a building; to be filled with fresh air

It's too late to put them off now.
out off
to cancel a meeting or an arrangement that you have made with somebody

The administration will be forthright in speaking out against human rights abuses
spoken out
express one's feelings or opinions frankly and publicly.

She's very clever but her manner does tend to put people off.
put off
to make somebody dislike somebody/something or not trust them/it

The issues were openly aired and discussed by the group.
aired 
to express your opinions publicly

Symptoms include diarrhoea and vomiting.
diarrhoea
an illness in which waste matter is emptied from the bowels much more frequently than normal, and in liquid form

A hymn with six verses.
verse
a group of lines that form a unit in a poem or song

She hopped a train in Winnipeg.
hopped
board (a bus, airplane, or other mode of transportation)

The audience watched as the story unfolded before their eyes.
unfolded
to be gradually made known; to gradually make something known to other people

The vice-president was forced to take up the reins of office.
the reins
the state of being in control or the leader of something

The insurance policy covers the building and any fixtures contained therein.
therein
​in the place, object, document, etc. mentioned

A fussy manner.
fussy
doing something with small, quick, nervous movements

I grew used to the ostracization and realized that, as time passed the feeling of unfamiliarity and fear would give way to lightness.
ostracization
to avoid someone intentionally, or to prevent someone from taking part in the activities of a group

Joe snitched on me to his mom.
snitch
to tell a parent, teacher, etc. about something wrong that another child has done
