He shrugged off a gnat.
gnat
​a very small fly with two wings that bites and often flies in large groups

If you're going to the bus station, can you sort out the tickets for tomorrow?
sort out
​to organize something successfully

Kevin shrugged off his jacket.
shrugged off
​to push somebody/something back or away with your shoulders

He met my gaze without flinching.
flinches
​to make a sudden movement with your face or body as a result of pain, fear, surprise, etc.

So u come for revenge for ur fallen brethren.
brethren/ˈbreðrən/
​people who are part of the same society as yourself

No god or man can compel me!
compel
​to force somebody to do something; to make something necessary

We aren't yet through(we aren't finish our stuff yet) u and I.
through 
from the beginning to the end of a thing or period of tim

I'll kill the lot of u and deny hte monster meal.
the lot of u
a large number of people or things; much of something.

Simple mediocrity cannot suffice them.
suffice
meet the needs of

Traffic in the town has dropped off since the bypass opened.
dropped off/drɒpt/
to become fewer or less

The house is set well back from the road.
set back
to place something, especially a building, at a distance from something

A gun turret.
turret
a small metal tower on a ship, plane or tank that can usually turn around and from which guns are fired

One of the by-products of unemployment is an increase in crime.
by-products
​a thing that happens, often unexpectedly, as the result of something else

She let loose a stream of abuse.
let loose sth
​to make a noise or remark, especially in a loud or sudden way

The repairs could set you back over £200.
set back
to cost somebody a particular amount of money

The cupboards need sorting out.
sorting out
to organize the contents of something; to tidy something

We got off straight after breakfast.
got off
to leave a place or start a journey; to help somebody do this

Major loans like these always come with strings.
strings
special conditions or limits
