We managed to find a secluded spot for our picnic.
secluded /sɪˈkluːdɪd/
​(especially of a place) quiet and private

The new manager turned the old systems inside out.
turn sth inside out
to cause large changes

Metal wheel rims
rim
the metal edge of a wheel onto which the tyre is fixed

If you can wait a moment, I'll sort it all out for you.
sort out
to deal with somebody’s/your own problems successfully

She let her hair loose and it fell around her shoulders.
let sb/sth loose
​to free somebody/something from whatever holds them/it in place

In one of the pews a woman was fingering her beads.
beads
a rosary

She is telling her rosary
rosary
a string of beads that are used by some Roman Catholics for counting prayers as they say them

The Reform Party pulled in 10% of the vote.
pulled in 
succeed in securing or obtaining something.

Susan was on the wing doing things to get ready for her trip.
on the wings
(of a bird) in flight.

Kanki's acting as bait in the center to draw the enemies' focus so that the HI SHI UNIT and the GAKU KA on the wings can escape.
wing
(SYNONYM arm) one section of an organization that has a particular function or whose members share the same opinions

There are no obvious successors waiting in the wings.
in the wings
ready to do something or to be used at the appropriate time.

The Zhao armies flocking to Kanki's position will come here next!
flocking
​to go or gather together somewhere in large numbers

I was interestedin seeing if u were a man on par with myself, but in that stateod ur, it's moot point.
a moot point/question
a matter about which there may be difference of opinion or a lack of understanding

He argued that the issue had become moot since the board had changed its policy.
moot 
unlikely to happen and therefore not worth considering

Nothing grows in these arid regions.
arid 
(of land or a climate) having little or no rain; very dry

Air the sheets well.
air
o put clothing, etc. in a place that is warm or has plenty of air so that it dries completely and smells fresh; to be left to dry somewhere

He pulled in at the curb
pulled in 
(of a vehicle) move to the side of or off the road.

It was scarcely an occasion for laughter.
scarcely
used to suggest that something is not at all reasonable or likely
