She makes the baby wind.
wind
(SYNONYM burp) to gently hit or rub a baby’s back to make it burp (= release gas from its stomach through its mouth)

The costume designs are too fussy.
fussy
​having too much detail or decoration

I still felt woozy from all the pills
woozy
unsteady, dizzy, or dazed

He had scarcely put the phone down when the doorbell rang.
scarcely
​used to say that something happens immediately after something else happens

Hundreds of mushrooms had sprouted up overnight.
sprouted
to appear; to develop something, especially in large numbers

I often doodle when I'm on the phone.
doodle
​to draw lines, shapes, etc., especially when you are bored or thinking about something else

The geese came whiffling down onto the grass.
whiffling
move or cause to move lightly as if blown by a puff of air

Over the years he hopped from one department to another
hopped
make a quick change of position, location, or activity

A pinpoint of light from a flashlight.
pin point
a tiny dot or point.

Tim has sprouted a beard since we last saw him.
sprouted
to start to grow something; to start to grow on somebody/something

This weapon fired shells with pinpoint accuracy.
pinpoint 
absolutely precise; to the finest degree

are we ur lackeys?
lackey 
a servant

The committee will convene at 11.30 next Thursday.
convene
to come together for a formal meeting

The prosecutors won't be able to flip any witnesses to testify against the ex-CEO.
persuade
persuade to become an informer

Maguire went on in place of Cahill just before half-time.
went on
(in sport) to join a team as a substitute during a game

You go on ahead—I'll catch you up in a few minutes.
go on head
​to travel in front of somebody else

A prim suit with a high-necked collar.
prim
(SYNONYM demure) ​formal and neat

U were the one who cursed 'n one-sidedly tried to pick a fight, right?
one-sidedly
(SYNONYM biased)(of an argument, opinion, etc.) showing only one side of the situation; not balanced

We should convene the disciplinary committe right away.
convene
to arrange for people to come together for a formal meeting
