I appreciate the friendly banter, but please practice good manners.
banter
friendly remarks and jokes

These firms are the backbone of our industrial sector.
backbone
the chief support of a system or organization; the mainstay.

She moved swiftly to the rescue.
swiftly 
quickly; after a very short time

It's going to be tough but we'll pull through it together.
pull through
to succeed in doing something very difficult

I relied on my instincts to pull me through.
pull sb through
to help somebody succeed in doing something very difficult

The military government is determined to put down all opposition.
put down
(SYNONYM crush) ​to stop something by force

To break in new recruits.
break sb in
to train somebody/something in something new that they must do

It'll work out cheaper to travel by bus.
work out
if something works out at something, you calculate that it will be a particular amount

I'm sure u can feel the sacred madness.
sacred
connected with God or a god; considered to be holy

How's Joe faring behind bars?(= in prison)
faring
(SYNONYM get on) to be successful/unsuccessful in a particular situation

Company 8's jurisdiction is in shambles with them gone.
shambles
(SYNONYM mess) a situation in which there is a great lack of order or understanding

He suddenly looked fierce.
fierce
(especially of people or animals) angry and aggressive in a way that is frightening

The passage toll's captain Joe soul!
toll
money that you pay to use a particular road or bridge

My assassinations use local procurement of weapons.
procurement
​the process of obtaining supplies of something, especially for a government or an organization

Mark feels iffy about driving at night without his glasses.
iffy
not certain

Those numbers are iffy. Are you sure you included all the expenses?
iffy
not in perfect condition; bad in some way

A sickle, toothed like a saw, is used for reaping.
sickle
a tool with a curved blade (= cutting edge) and a short handle, used for cutting grass, etc.

A toothed whale.
toothed
having teeth

She was struck by the incongruity of the situation.
incongruity
(SYNONYM inappropriateness) ​the fact of being strange and not suitable in a situation

I looked into his past record from when he was working and what he was up to off the clock.
off the clock
not at work; off duty
