A reiteration of her previous statement.
reiterations
​the act of repeating something that you have already said, especially to emphasize it

She found it extremely difficult to get a job.  
extremely /ɪkˈstriːmli/
to a very high degree

He wore thick glasses
thick
having a larger distance between opposite sides or surfaces than other similar objects or than normal

A disk with a magnetic coating.
coating 
a thin layer of a substance covering a surface

Working in cramped conditions.
working
​a cramped room, etc. does not have enough space for the people in it

Making the wrong decision could prove expensive.
expensive /ɪkˈspensɪv/
​costing a lot of money

Stick to your principles and tell him you won't do it.
principle /ˈprɪnsəpl/
a moral rule or a strong belief that influences your actions

The bus mounted the curb (= went onto the sidewalk) and hit a tree.
curb
the edge of the raised path at the side of a road, usually made of long pieces of stone

A reiteration of her previous statement.
reiterations
​the act of repeating something that you have already said, especially to emphasize it

You can’t afford to be flippant about such matters.
flippant 
​showing that you do not take something as seriously as other people think you should

My first close brush with death
brush with sth 
a situation in which you experience something, or almost experience something

The protocol saus that we've to call in and wait for further instruction from the association.
call in 
enlist someone's aid or services.

Who was on the bridge when the collision took place?
bridge
the part of a ship where the captain and other officers stand when they are controlling the ship

She had scrawled me a note in her familiar scratchy handwriting.
scratchy
​(of writing or drawings) done without care

The hunter's association provides a modest stipend that's just barely covering my mother's hopital bills.
stipend
(SYNONYM salary) an amount of money that is paid regularly to somebody, especially a priest, as wages or money to live on
