The trial was halted after the first week.
halted /ˈhɒltɪd/
​to stop; to make somebody/something stop

She sorted out the clothes, some to be kept, some to be thrown away.
sorted out
arrange things systematically in groups or according to type.

He crowed that they had sold out in one day.
crowed
(SYNONYM boast, gloat) to talk too proudly about something you have achieved, especially when somebody else has been unsuccessful

He gave a long, weary sigh.
weary 
very tired, especially after you have been working hard or doing something for a long time

The disease's caused by genetic mutations.
mutations /mjuːˈteɪʃn/
a process in which the genetic material of a person, a plant or an animal changes in structure when it is passed on to children, etc., causing different physical characteristics to develop; a change of this kind

Be careful not to damage other people's property.
properties /ˈprɑːpərti/
a thing or things that are owned by somebody; a possession or possessions

He was carrying a large bag.
carrying /ˈkæriɪŋ/
to support the weight of somebody/something and take them or it from place to place; to take somebody/something from one place to another

The dam burst under the weight of water.
burst /bɜːrst/
to break open or apart, especially because of pressure from inside; to make something break in this way

The teacher helps the children to sort out their problems.
sort out
resolve a problem or difficulty

I forget to buy water from the stewardess.
stewardess
a woman who is employed to provide meals for and otherwise look after the passengers on a ship or aircraft

She made no reference to her illness but only to her future plans.
reference
a thing you say or write that mentions somebody/something else; the act of mentioning somebody/something

U'll need a wrench to tighten it in position.
wrench
a tool used for gripping and turning nuts, bolts, pipes, etc.

They've agreed to get a divorce.
divorce /dɪˈvɔːrs/
the legal ending of a marriage

The meeting only lasted for a few minutes.
last /læst/
to continue for a particular period of time

All technical issues have now been resolved.
issue /ˈɪʃuː/
a problem or worry that somebody has with something
