‘Let go of me!’ he squeaked nervously.
squeaks
to speak in a very high voice, especially when you are nervous or excited

She is still behind the barn. And the horrid, menacing figure has turned into a normal, human young man.
horrid
(SYNONYM horrible) very unpleasant or unkind

I leaned back in my chair.
leaned
to bend or move from a straight position to a sloping position

He slips his hand onto the small of her back so they stay together as they talk.
slip
to slide a short distance by accident so that you fall or nearly fall

He stops in his tracks.
tracks
the path or direction that somebody/something is moving in

His face flushes slightly.
flushes
(of a person or their face) to become red, especially because you are embarrassed, angry or hot; to make somebody's face become red

The teacher comes in and shoos them to their seats.
shoo 
to make somebody/something go away or to another place, especially by saying ‘shoo’ and waving your arms and hands

Her face was wreathed in smiles (= she was smiling a lot).
wreathed 
to surround or cover something

You look freaked. Did you have a bad dream or something?
freaked
to react very strongly to something that makes them suddenly feel shocked, surprised, frightened, etc.

Joe's slumped in his seat, doodling on his notebook, looking a little too innocent.
slumped 
sitting with your body leaning forward, for example because you are asleep or unconscious

A thin wisp of smoke.
wisp
a long, thin line of smoke or cloud

Illegitimate use of company property.
illegitimate
(SYNONYM unauthorized)​(formal) not allowed by a particular set of rules or by law

My brother and I were raised, as my grandma puts it, as heathens
heathens
somebody who you think lacks education or moral principles

Leaning against the hood of her car's the lanky, longhaired figure of Cabel Strumheller
lanky
(SYNONYM gangling)(of a person) having long, thin arms and legs and not moving in an easy way

His lips are concerned.
concerned
worried and feeling concern about something/somebody

She watches him, sighs exasperatedly, and guns it. Her tires squeal around the corner. Idiot.
guns
to start driving a vehicle very fast

Her tires squeal around the corner. Idiot.
tires
a thick rubber ring that fits around the edge of a wheel of a car, bicycle, etc.

The car squealed to a halt.
squealed
to make a long, high sound

The charcoaled remains shrivel up and the wind takes them down the street, across the yards. 
charcoaled
​a black substance made by burning wood slowly in an oven with little air. Charcoal is used as a fuel or for drawing

I wouldn't have any more to drink, if I were you.
would
used to give advice
