The leaves on the plant had shrivelled up from lack of water.
shriveled up
to become completely shriveled; to completely dry up and become wrinkled

He saunters to catch the bus.
saunter
(SYNONYM stroll) ​a slow relaxed walk

The ash's softer than the crisp Halloween leaves that gather and huddle around the corners of his front step.
huddle
​a small group of people, objects or buildings that are close together, especially when they are not in any particular order

She grabs the keys, saying good-bye to her nightgowned mother.
nightgowned
​a long loose piece of clothing like a thin dress, worn in bed

She mouses unnoticed( = pass unnoticed like a mouse) through the class, except for a sleepy grin from Carrie
mouses
to prowl about, as if in search of something
 
Beasts prowled the forests at night.
prowl
(of an animal) to move quietly and carefully around an area, especially when hunting

nightgowned
drone 
titters
ginormous

Janie stealthily finishes her math assignment as the teacher drones( = speak low) about the upcoming weekend senior trip to Stratford.
drone 
to make a continuous low noise

I tossed the book aside and got up.
tossed
to throw something lightly or carelessly

Janie looks up as titters and groans fill the room.
titters
(SYNONYM giggle (1)) ​a quiet laugh, especially a nervous or embarrassed one

But she’s curious to know if, after all these years, Melinda still dreams about Carrie with ginormous boobs.
ginormous
​extremely large

The blade's suitable for cutting plastics or laminates.
laminate
a material that is made by sticking several thin layers together

He tosses it over his shoulder. It floats, hovers, and slides off the slick laminate desk before Janie can grab it, whooshing and sticking under Cabel Strumheller’s shoe.
laminate desk
a desk with a synthetic materials used to form a thin layer that looks like wood.

Janie lets the door slam, but not angrily.
slam
to shut, or to make something shut, with a lot of force, making a loud noise

Pulls out of the parking space.
pull out
(of a vehicle or its driver) to move away from the side of the road, etc.

She's very confused over her feelings about him. It’s more bizarre than flattering to know he dreams about her.
flattering
​to be pleased because somebody has made you feel important or special

She's the pivot of community life.
pivot 
the central or most important person or thing

I go jogging every evening.
jog
to run slowly and steadily for a long time, especially for exercise

Negotiations between the two sides have broken down.
broken down
to fail

Pass the book on to me when you've finished with it.
pass sth on (to sb)
to give something to somebody else, especially after receiving it or using it yourself
