Janie counts out one thousand, four hundred fifty dollars cash.
count out 
take items one by one from a stock of something, especially money, keeping a note of how many one takes. // to count things one after the other as you put them somewhere

He shuffled across the room to the window.
shuffled
to walk slowly without lifting your feet completely off the ground

When Janie shuffled and hemmed about taking that much time off, the director promised her shifts on July 4 and Labor Day
hemmed
to take a long time to make a decision or before you say something

She gives Joe a quick kiss on the cheek. “See you tonight,” she says with a demure smile.
demure
(SYNONYM modest)(usually of a woman or a girl) behaving in a quiet, shy way that does not attract attention

Janie, in an orange plastic bucket chair, sit in the dark nursing home parking lot.
bucket chair
a chair which helps people bathe in their bath tub

Miss Stubin is one of the residents, her gnarled hands curled in her lap, I.V. drip hanging from a stand next to her wheelchair.
gnarled
(of a person or part of the body) bent and twisted because of age or illness

She curled her legs up under her.
curled
to form or make something form into a curved shape

I wish that you'd be quiet for a minute.
would
used for saying what you want to happen

She's been put on a drip.
IV drip
a piece of equipment that passes liquid food, medicine or blood very slowly through a tube into a patient’s vein

She chides Ethel(the car's name) mildly for not having air-conditioning
chides
(SYNONYM rebuke) to criticize or blame somebody because they have done something wrong

It’s wicked hot out. 
out
away from the inside of a place or thing

Clouds sailing across the sky
sails
to move quickly and smoothly in a particular direction; (of people) to move in a confident manner

The car clipped the kerb as it turned.
clipping 
to hit the edge or side of something

She looks around frantically to see what it will hit. 
frantically
without controlling your emotions because you are extremely frightened or worried about something

Her head is against the steering wheel. 
steering wheel
a wheel that a driver rotates in order to steer a vehicle // the equipment in a vehicle that you use to control the direction it goes in

The car's decidedly not level.
level
the height of something in relation to the ground or to what it used to be

Carrie looks at her shoes, then slips out (she leaves).
slips out
to go somewhere quickly and quietly, especially without being noticed

Bumps in the road.
bumps 
a protuberance on a level surface.

A nasty bump on the head.
bumps
a light blow or a jolting collision.

Most of them are dressed in the styles of five years ago—hand-medowns.
hand me down
put in use by one person or group after being used, discarded, or handed down by another.  
