They eyed us with alarm.
eyes
to look at somebody/something carefully, especially because you want something or you suspect that something is wrong

Cabel eyes her warily. 
warily
(SYNONYM cautiously (1)) carefully, because you think there may be a danger or problem or you do not trust somebody/something

I’ll let you cheat off my papers (= i'll let someone writte down his test, then the person que be aproved).
cheat off 
to use somebody's else work in a deceptive way, to succeed at something

She scooted over in the booth and made a space for him
scooted
slide in a sitting position.

You don’t notice all the girls drooling over your new look.
drooling
(SYNONYM dribble) to let saliva (= liquid) come out of your mouth

He worked hard in order that he would pass all his exams.
would
used for saying why somebody does something

She picks up his shirt and refolds it so the buttons turn in. “So you don’t get a button impression on your face,” she says.
refolds
to fold(to bend something, especially paper or cloth, so that one part lies on top of another part) again

The words trail off her tongue and they sound wrong.
trail off 
their voice becomes quieter and they hesitate until they stop speaking completely

Janie commits the most egregious foul Fieldridge High School has ever seen. 
egregious   
extremely bad in a way that is very noticeable

Janie dries off hurriedly after her shower and slips into her scrubs for work.
scrubs
the special clothes worn by surgeons when they are doing medical operations

I can't get the lid off this jar.
lid
a cover over a container that can be removed or opened by turning it or lifting it

She doesn’t notice when Miss Stubin drifts off to sleep.
drifts off
​to fall asleep

The two women strolled arm in arm around the plaza.
stroll arm to/in arm
with one person's arm linked around another's; also, closely allied or intimate,

Janie chuckles quietly to herself.
chuckles
​an act of laughing quietly

I made yearbook staff, so I’ll be gone a lot during study hall, okay?
yearbook
a book that is produced by the senior class in a school or college, containing photographs of students and details of school activities

She slides down in her seat and plops her feet on the chair opposite hers.
plops
to drop something into something, especially a liquid, so that it makes a plop

Janie is outside. It’s dark. She’s alone, behind a shed, but she can hear muffled voices.
muffled
​(of sounds) not heard clearly because something is in the way that stops the sound from travelling easily

From around the corner comes a hulking, monstrous figure.
hulking
very large or heavy, often in a way that causes you to feel nervous or afraid

They saw the huge building outlined against the sky.
outlined
the line that goes around the edge of something, showing its main shape but not the details

It thrashes its arms through the bushes and lifts its hands to the sky, letting out a horrible yell.
thrashes 
to hit a person or an animal many times with a stick, etc. as a punishment
