The advice centre is staffed entirely by volunteers.
staffed
to work in an institution, a company, etc.; to provide people to work there

Three patients on the cusp of death. 
cusp
a point of transition between two different states.

Someone has to empty bedpans. Hand out the night meds. Straighten up the rooms for the day.
straighten up
to make something neat and tidy

Someone has to empty bedpans.
bedpans
​a container used as a toilet by a person who is too ill to get out of bed

Hand out the night meds. 
hand out 
(SYNONYM distribute) ​to give a number of things to the members of a group

Straighten up the rooms for the day.
straighten up 
to make something neat and tidy

She stands in the west wing, looking into the east wing, and memorizes it.
look into
​to examine something

Some days, wheelchairs collect anonymously between doorways one and two
collect
(SYNONYM accumulate) to gradually increase in amount in a place; to gradually obtain more and more of something in a place

For Janie, it’s either get the work done, or get fired.
eithr...  or... 
used to show a choice of two things

She enters the east wing, grabs the hall bar, and nearly doubles over.
double over
to bend or to make your body bend over quickly, for example because you are in pain

On the bloody beach, Mr. Reed looks at her and beckons her to come with him. “Behind here. We’ll be safe behind here,” he says.
beckon
(SYNONYM signal) to give somebody a signal using your finger or hand, especially to tell them to move nearer or to follow you

Mr. Reed turns to her as his feet break free from his ankles and he stumbles on his stilty legs.
stilty
relating to or resembling stilts( either of a pair of two long poles with footrests on which a person stands and walks)

Fingerless, he shrugs the gun into her arms( = put he gun under his armpit).
shrug 
raise (one's shoulders) slightly and momentarily to express doubt, ignorance, or indifference.

Janie cocks her head and listens for the faint sound of beeping. A moment later, she hears it.
cock
to raise a part of your body so that it is pointing upwards or at an angle

“Old Mr. Reed is dead,” she says, her voice rasping. She falls back on the stretcher and passes out.
rasping
to say something in a rough unpleasant voice

She backs up eight, ten, maybe twelve steps.
back up
to move backwards, especially in a vehicle

Grab a broom and let’s clean up.
broom 
a brush on the end of a long handle, used for sweeping floors

They have decided to retry the case.
retried
to examine a person or case again in court

She longs to tell him, just so he doesn’t worry so much.
long
(SYNONYM yearn) ​to want something very much especially if it does not seem likely to happen soon

She runs her hand over the hood lightly, feeling the curves. 
hood
the metal part over the front of a vehicle, usually covering the engine
