So how does it feel to garner such praise and attention?
garner
(SYNONYM gather, acquire) to obtain or collect something such as information, support, etc.

General Ousen's already begun his wind-up(= preparation) for the main event.
wind-up
arrive or end up in a specified state, situation, or place // gradually or finally bring an activity to a conclusion

The fact that u're standing here now means that u've endured those gruelling test, which's no small task.
gruelling
(SYNONYM punishing) very difficult and making you very tired, needing great effort for a long time

It'd appear that allowing myself to be cajoled by Jed, and journeying to the western reaches here was worth the time after all.
cajoled
(SYNONYM coax) to make somebody do something by talking to them and being very nice to them

It's a war for the sake of ushering in a brand new are and nation.
usher in 
to be the beginning of something new or to make something new begin

How about dipping ur toes into matchmaking?
matchmaking
​the activity of trying to arrange marriages or relationships between other people

Scummy people dropping litter.
scummy
an offensive way to describe people who you think are very bad

Regular brushing is the linchpin of all good dental hygiene.
lynchpin
a person or thing vital to an enterprise or organization.

A training program should be devised.
devised
plan or invent (a complex procedure, system, or mechanism) by careful thought.

She was both charming and susceptible.
susceptible
(SYNONYM impressionable) ​easily influenced by feelings and emotions

Very soon, Tokyo'll shut it's gates and hunker down in defence just as we originally planned.
hunker down
to sit on your heels with your knees bent up in front of you

U've done well to do exactly as my messages bade u.
bade someone
to tell somebody to do something

There's no doubt that our plan was watertight up until this point.
watertight
(of an excuse, a plan, an argument, etc.) carefully prepared so that it contains no mistakes, faults or weaknesses

The crop failure spelt disaster for many farmers.
spelt
to have something, usually something bad, as a result; to mean something, usually something bad

It doesn't matter if we slay Joe here if it means Sara dies as well. If His head's paraded around the battlefield then the right wing wrll be well and trulle finished.
paraded
to walk somewhere in a formal group of people, in order to celebrate or protest about something

We lift the siege on Tokyo and begin an immediate withdrawal.
lift
pick up and move to a different position.
