The left wing actually held their gorund, and were somehow able to weather the fist day.
weather
come safely through (a storm)

We all herded on to the bus.
herded
to move or make somebody/something move in a particular direction

If it's just defending then we can sit here and weather anything they throw at us.
weather
to come safely through a difficult period or experience

Perhaps something  has come up and is now nipping at their heels.
nipping
o give somebody/something a quick painful bite or pressing their skin together hard with your finger and thumb

A tale of woe.
woe
(SYNONYM misery) great unhappiness

The rolling swell of an ocean; As if the land itself was bucking and heaving to form a wave of new heights.
swell
to go out or make something go out in a curved shape

The boat bucked and heaved beneath them.
bucking
to move up and down suddenly or in a way that lacks control

Look like Joe's still got some pep in him after all!
pep
​energy and enthusiasm

Even if we were to bring down Tokyo and place Sara on the throne, she rule be mared by the use of force.
marred
(SYNONYM blight, ruin) to damage something or make something less good or successful

U're just deranged a mass murderer.
deranged
​unable to behave and think normally, especially because of a mental illness

I derive immense joy from choking the life out of those people.
choking
(SYNONYM strangle) to make somebody stop breathing by pressing their throat, especially with your fingers

Sorry for calling all of the top brass here so early.
top brass
​the people who are in the most important positions in a company, an organization, e

my scabbard was gone.
scabbard 
(SYNONYM sheath) a cover for a sword that is made of leather or metal

I'd come help u, so I made the long journey here all by my lonesome
lonesome
​unhappy because you are alone and do not want to be or because you have no friends

Unbeknown to her they had organized a surprise party.
unbeknownst
without the person mentioned knowing

He closed the window and latched it.
latched
to fasten something with a latch
