Areas that have been, as it were, pushed aside.
as it were
in a way (used to be less precise).

I don't know many datails, but We refer to this place as the factory or the mine.
refer to
to mention or speak about somebody/something

All parts used by the repair team are mined from here. 
mine
to dig holes in the ground in order to find and obtain coal, diamonds, etc.

It's been a long time since I've had to deal with anything other than the shells.
anything
any thing at all, when it does not matter which

That doesn't really matter his muscles are well attached
attached
attribute importance or value to.

His appendages seem to be in good shape as well.
appendages
(often with negative or pejorative connotations) a thing that is added or attached to something larger or more important.

the 7600 sensors on the suit will create a copy of everything the tuner perceives when in contact with their body.
perceive
to understand or think of somebody/something in a particular way

I wound if it would be more comfortable without undies on.
undeis
​underwear

I'm sure you already know, but I must apologize for the trouble regarding the skate.
regarding
​relating to somebody/something; about somebody/something

If you're setting us up. there was no need for you to go about the long way, doing all those things for us.
set up
setting someone up means to prepare them for something.

The turbine harnesses the energy of this rise-and-fall motion.
harness
to control and use the force or strength of something to produce power or to achieve something

In the vertical cave, a track formed when a large amount of volcanic magma passed through, allowing water to flow into the shaft.
track
a rough path or road, usually one that has not been built but that has been made by people walking there

He announced his engagement to his long-time girlfriend.
engagement
an agreement to marry somebody; the period during which two people are engaged

That aside. Behaving as if nothing's amiss and being so calm in front of us.
amiss
wrong; not as it should be

She behaved with great dignity.
behaving
to do things in a particular way
