I'm goona have a part in your helicopter takeover plan.
have a part
to be involved in

"You've never had steak? I'll treat you to some someday."
treat 
It depends on what you were talking about. Usually this is used to talk about meals/foods.

I had a cigarette while I was waiting.
have
to eat, drink or smoke something

Thanks to this, that first date with Rachel I always dreamed of will most likely never come to pass
come to pass
to happen // happen; occur.

My "road" is filled with thorns coated in poison!
coat
to cover something with a layer of a substance

Time wears on. It's never pointless to improve a trick and refine it, or to focus on matering your skills!
wear on
to pass, especially in a way that seems slow

She was the victim of an insurance scam.
scam
​a clever and dishonest plan for making money

Private insurance accounts for about 35 per cent of healthcare in the US.
insurance
an arrangement with a company in which you pay them regular amounts of money and they agree to pay the costs, for example, if you die or are ill, or if you lose or damage something

Smeared with blood the thorn reaper!
smear
to spread an oily or soft substance over a surface in a rough or careless way

I'll be teaching history and sociology next term.
teach 
to give lessons to students in a school, college, university, etc.; to help somebody learn something by giving information about it

Today's the day I must bid firewell to this pain reaper!
bid farewell
bidding farewell means literally saying goodbye

The happy couple were toasted in champagne.
toast
to lift a glass of wine, etc. in the air and drink it at the same time as other people in order to wish somebody/something success, happiness, etc.

Hidden throughout the sky sit the wings of countless reapers. Is this the "Wind" Joe desired?
sit 
to be in a particular place

Note how these animals sometimes walk with their tails up in the air.
note 
to notice or pay careful attention to something

A bankruptcy filing,
filing 
something that is placed in an official record
