
Today's fight is on the opponent's home turf.
turf
short grass and the surface layer of soil that is held together by its roots; a piece of this that has been cut from the ground and is used especially for making lawns (= the area of grass in a garden)

I forfeit, he's too dangerous.
forfeit
to lose or give something up as a necessary consequence of something that you have done

When someone slaps you on your right cheek, you hit 'em back ob their left!
slap
o hit somebody/something with the flat part of your hand

How dare you! Now I have a bone to pick with you.
bone to pick
to be angry with somebody about something and want to discuss it with them

You eliminated out biggest liability and get rid of an opponent at the samt time, so don't worry!
liability
a person or thing that causes you a lot of problems

I haven't even turned in Monday's work yet.
turn in 
to give something to somebody in authority

But now! It shall be recast in my image!
recast
to change something by organizing or presenting it in a different way

I guess I got too engrossed in it.
engrossed
so interested or involved in something that you give it all your attention

Take time out for things you genuine joy.
time out
a short period of time when you stop doing something so that you can rest or do something els.

He has failed in three previous attempts to win the world title.
attempt
an act of trying to do something, especially something difficult, often with no success

My satellite connection timed out—it was so frustrating.
time out
to turn off, or turn something off, after a particular length of time even if the user has not finished

They live in a converted barn.
barn
a large farm building for storing grain or keeping animals in

You prolly know this already.
prolly
probably

Thanks, for getting us the lastest news.
getting
to go to a place and bring somebody/something back

If you've done with that magazine, can I have a look at it?
be/have done with something
​to have finished dealing with somebody, or doing or using something
