She made to open the door, but he detained her
detained
keep (someone) from proceeding; hold back

The collection comprises 327 paintings.
comprises
(SYNONYM consist of) to have somebody/something as parts or members

The government's economic policies have come in for a lot of criticism.
come in for
(SYNONYM receive) to receive something, especially something unpleasant

The actors took to the stage and bowed down in response to the audience's applause.
bow down /baʊ, daʊn/
literally, to bend down at the neck, waist, or knees, as in a sign of deference, respect, or humility.

My allegiance is to my own country; I'll never bow down to you!
bow down to someone
to obey, pledge allegiance, or submit one's will to someone, especially in a reverential or servile manner.

We're hoping to tie up the deal by tomorrow.
tie up
​to deal with all the final details of something // bring something to a satisfactory conclusion; settle

We're relying on him to give the team a cutting edge.
cutting edge
​an aspect of something that gives it an advantage

The bill squeaked through with just six votes to spare.
squeaked
succeed in achieving something by a very narrow margin

Joe will continue to grow stronger. That's why u propped him up as the leader.
propped one's up
to give help, encouragement, or support to (someone) 

As we gathered to break bread, a sense of thanksgiving ran through us.
break bread
celebrate the Eucharist.

Donald's staying to break bread with us.
break bread
share a meal with someone.

Apple boughs laden with blossom.
boughs
a main branch of a tree

The ice is too thin to bear your weight.
bear
to support the weight of somebody/something

Although his friends snickered, they were still impressed.
snickered
(SYNONYM titter) to laugh in a quiet unpleasant way, especially at something rude or at somebody’s problems or mistakes

I've been pretty good about sticking to my diet this month, but sod it—it's my birthday, and I'm eating cake!
sod it
rude slang An expression used when one gives up, submits, or yields. Equivalent to "to hell with it." Primarily heard in UK.
