U really got off on that, didn't u?
got off on
to enjoy or be excited by (something) especially in a sexual way

Are u just hazing me again ?
hazing
the practice of playing tricks on somebody, especially a new student or somebody who has just joined the army, or giving them very unpleasant things to do, sometimes as a condition for entering a fraternity or sorority

If I'm being honest, I don't belive in Gods, not a lick
not a lick 
not even a small amount of something 

She swerved sharply to avoid a cyclist.
swerved 
​(especially of a vehicle) to change direction suddenly, especially in order to avoid hitting somebody/something

I'd bestow unto hymanity, Amaterasu.
bestow
to give something to somebody, especially to show how much they are respected

I pondered on what to call this new religion?
pondered
(SYNONYM consider) ​to think about something carefully for a period of time

Raking all the leaves tuckered me out.
tuckered out 
become very tired // to cause (someone) to become very tired

A message hides amidst the darkness and the lattice!
lattice
a structure that is made of thin, narrow pieces of wood or metal that cross over each other with spaces that are like diamonds in shape between them, used, for example, as a fence; any structure or pattern like this

He strides out of the darkness, seeking a reunion with his brother!
stride
to walk with long steps in a particular direction

U're head over heels for me.
head over heels
madly in love

Well to put it simply, it was like u had a late-onset period of teenage rebellion.
late-onset
denoting a medical condition occurring relatively late in life, especially as considered in relation to a different form of the same condition

He's a bastard who doesn't mince words.
not mince (your) words
​to say something in a direct way even though it might offend other people

If u keep talking nonsense like that, u're gonna get chewed out again.
chewed out 
to criticize someone angrily

They got up early and went for a swim in the reservoir.
reservoirs 
a natural or artificial lake where water is stored before it is taken by pipes to houses, etc.

One of the worst droughts on record.
drought
a long period of time when there is little or no rain

The civil war has put thousands of lives in jeopardy.
in jeopardy
​in a dangerous position or situation and likely to be lost or harmed

The delicate tracery of ice on the window.
tracery
an attractive pattern of lines and curves

I'm just a washed up old man out of retirement.
whased up
(of a person) no longer effective or successful

Let's show those proto-nationalits how we do things!
proto nationalists
devotion, especially excessive or undiscriminating devotion, to the interests or culture of a particular nation-state

The bond between master and student has become a lit fuse!
lit fuse
to do something that instigates or initiates some intense, dangerous, and widespread action or reaction
