His style of dressing bespoke great self-confidence.
bespoke
(P.S of bespeak) to show or suggest something

The savagery of my captors bespoke a world. Whose dreams in my absence turned darker still.
still
​used for making a comparison stronger

I'll not have dreams and nigthmares preying on the waking world.
preying on
(of an animal or a bird) to hunt and kill another animal for food

No, I bloody don't!.
bloody
a swear word that many people find offensive that is used to emphasize a comment or an angry statement

I must control, lest they consume n destroy u.
lest
​in order to prevent something from happening

The company has tried to push back on the claim that it paid no taxes.
push back
​to oppose or resist a plan, an idea or a change

Can't see any paths to a comeback with that left eye, can u?
comeback
a return by a well-known person, especially an entertainer or sports player, to the activity in which they have formerly been successful

Haumea was born as a saint, but was corrupted by humanity's putrid thoughts.
putrid
(SYNONYM foul)​(of dead animals or plants) decaying and therefore smelling very bad

They found him lying unconscious on the floor.
unconscious
in a state like sleep because of an injury or illness, and not able to use your senses

Freud sought to unlock the workings of the unconscious mind.
unconscious
(of feelings, thoughts, etc.) existing or happening without you realizing or being aware; not deliberate

As a saint, I've been the receptacle for humanity's collective unconscious.
receptacle
a container for putting something in

U seek to snare him in ur machinations again?
machinations
(SYNONYM plot, intrigue) a secret and complicated plan  

He's just a smug and self-impotant as ever!
self-impotant
(SYNONYM arrogant) thinking that you are more important than other people

Ur per diem is $240 a day.
per diem
money paid, for example to employees, for things they need to buy every day

I seem to have inadvertently omitted my friend.
inadvertently
(​SYNONYM unintentionally) by accident; without intending to

That's passing stranger.
passing strange 
surpassingly strange

This is the best house-sitting gig I've ever had.
gig
a job, especially a temporary one

A friend of mine needs someone to house-sit and feed her cats.
house-sit
to live in somebody’s house while they are away in order to take care of it for them

I slipped a not, under his door.
slipped
to slide a short distance by accident so that you fall or nearly fall

I have recovered my sand, it brought to hell, and now it brings that which is in hell to me.
brought
(P.T P.P fo bring) to come to a place with somebody/something
