A ramshackle house
ramshackle
(​SYNONYM tumbledown, dilapidated)(of buildings, vehicles, furniture, etc.) in a very bad condition and needing repair

Hang about! There's something not quite right here.
hang about
used to tell somebody to stop what they are doing or saying for a short time

I can't hang about—the boss wants to see me.
hang about
​to be very slow doing something

The hotel is just off the main square.
square
an open area in a town, usually with four sides, surrounded by buildings

15 minutes till our guest speaker's keynote address.
keynote
the central idea of a book, a speech, etc.

What've u wrought?
wrought
caused something to happen, especially a change

With all that'd entail?
entail
(SYNONYM involve) ​to involve something that cannot be avoided

I come at the bidding of the assembled lord of hell. 
bidding
what somebody asks or orders you to do

The solar eclipse will commence shortly, ladies and gentlemen, please refrain from going out unnecessary.
refrain
(SYNONYM desist) ​to stop yourself from doing something, especially something that you want to do

It was a challenge, keeping ten boisterous seven-year-olds amused.
boisterous
​(of people, animals or behaviour) noisy and full of life and energy

She enjoys the respect of her peers.
peer
a person who is the same age or who has the same social status as you

Hope is the curse that torments us, yet u people still cling into it.
cling 
to hold on tightly to somebody/something

U use to be so small and cuddly, but now u're the one carrying me.
cuddly
if a person or an animal is cuddly, they make you want to cuddle(​to hold somebody/something close in your arms to show love) them

There's nothing left of what used to thrive on the planet.
thrive
(SYNONYM flourish) ​to become, and continue to be, successful, strong, healthy, etc.

U're opposing both gods revelation and the unconscious, how wretched!
wretched
(SYNONYM pitiful) making you feel sympathy or making you sad

To the planet of black despair! With a heart brimmed with hope, Ihave to come to meet u!
brimmed
​to be full of something; to fill something

The eath has been immolate by flame.
immolated
to kill somebody/yourself by burning them/yourself

Creation stems form imagination, it forms the every erath.
stem from
to be the result of something

I migth've been a little too enthusiastic, so things started topping over.
top over
to an excessive or exaggerated degree

Few fish survive in the stagnant waters of the lake.
stagnant
​stagnant water or air is not moving and therefore smells unpleasant
