
Tools are the subtlest of traps.
subtlest
not very obvious or easy to notice

I'm at the end of a double(= a alcohol drink ) and marsh will be here soon.
drink a double 
it has double the amount of alcohol in the drink, but the same amount of other ingredients

The skein of ur life to cut, son of ur mother
skein
a long piece of wool, thread or yarn that is loosely tied together  

How's he faring up after all this time?
fare up
to perform or function successfully at a level comparable with or equal to that of something or someone else

I got kind of hard and brittle inside.
brittle
hard but easily broken

It really started to get to me.
get to sb
to annoy or affect somebody

Where no man is slave or bondsman
bondsman 
a slave

Death is a mug's gane. I got so much to live for!
a mug's game
an activity in which it is foolish to engage because it is likely to be unsuccessful or dangerous 

How'd u like to buy a gal a dram of pale?
dram
a small drink of whisky or other spirits

I'll further loosen our purse-strings till Chin's army is twice the size.
purse-string 
financial resources those who have control of our municipal purse strings purse strings will thus continue to control the distribution

U cant just up and do something like that.
up and do
To do something quickly, unexpectedly, or abruptly, especially without warning or explanation

It might have tryna upend Chin itself in way and places we don't even knwo.
upend 
to turn somebody/something the wrong way up or onto one endanger

Joe's painstaking calculation all come down to on formidable figure: 15 yeras.
painstaking
(SYNONYM thorough) done with a lot of care, effort and attention to detail

I just wanna slug u one more time!
slug sb 
hit one's hard

My advice's to u learn who to use that power, it's not like it'll be too late to cast anything away after that( = restart a new life) 
cast sth away
thrown away

Ringleaders liek Joe were quartered by horse-cart.
quartered 
to cut or divide something into four parts

In my hart of hearts, I find myself buoyed by the prospect.
buoyed 
to make somebody feel cheerful or confident

It came down to her word against Guy's
come down to
(of a situation or outcome) be dependent on a specified factor

U may wanna to avise him to steer clear of the convention areas.
steer clear
to get or keep away from (as a responsibility) through cleverness or trickery

A young person traveling alone can get into ll kinda scrapes(= troubles).
scrapes
an embarrassing or difficult predicament caused by one's own unwise behavior
