From here on out, this is my cross to bear alone.
have a (heavy) cross to bear
to have a difficult problem that makes you worried or unhappy but that you have to deal with

Steeled for death!
steeled
​to prepare yourself to deal with something unpleasant

There, lies a way to quell their despair an keep on living.
lie 
(of ideas, qualities, problems, etc.) to exist or be found

The great dragon troppled(= was defeated ) by a member of the paltry 8th?
troppled
to become unsteady and fall down; to make something do this

No matter how immense the despair, these brothers will quell it!
quell
to stop something such as violent behaviour or protests

My strengthen doesn't come from being some unhinged psycho!
unhinged
​having a mental illness that makes somebody unable to think or behave normally

Wreathed in smoke and flames, the strongest assassin sets off!
set off
to begin a journey

The mountain tops were wreathed in mist.
wreathed
to surround or cover something

Does she know how to do anything but flaunt her body?
flaunt
dress or behave in a sexually provocative way

Newly rich consumers eager to flaunt their prosperity.
flaunt
display (something) ostentatiously, especially in order to provoke envy or admiration or to show defiance

She's a good-for-nothing! She has some gall serving as a fire soldier!
gall
rude behaviour showing a lack of respect that is surprising because the person behaving badly is not embarrassed

How could a fire soldier sprawl out like that(= being in a lewd/sex position)!
sprawl out
to lie or recline with one's arms and legs spread out awkwardly or lazily

I didn't wanna, but after being heckled that much, I feel like pushing back.
heckled
to interrupt a speaker at a public meeting by shouting out questions or rude remarks

I won't let u ran rampant!
rampant
(SYNONYM unchecked)​(of something bad) existing or spreading everywhere in a way that cannot be controlled

I just didn't wanna lose to weirdos who confound their hate with justice because they think they're in the majority.
confound
(SYNONYM baffle) to confuse and surprise somebody

We could pitch our tent in that field.
pitch
to set up a tent or a camp for a short time

Belief in a bountiful god.
bountiful
(SYNONYM generous) giving generously

The explosion pitched her violently into the air.
pitched
to throw somebody/something with force

So many thoughts whirled around in her mind.
whirled
(SYNONYM reel) if your mind, thoughts, etc. whirl, you feel confused and excited and cannot think clearly

We can compel death to return our son to us!
compel
to force somebody to do something; to make something necessary
