U're as green as ever!
green
(of a person) young and without experience

U're nothing but a wet behind the ears disappointment!
wet behind the ears 
lacking experience; immature

U lack spine Benimaru! U were supposed to be in charge of Asakusa(= special force) when I keeled over!
keel over
to fall over unexpectedly, especially because you feel ill

Have u ever heard of the state leaning on the community center like that?
leaning on
(SYNONYM rely) to depend on somebody/something for help and support

A person with socialist leanings.
leanings
(SYNONYM inclination, tendency) a feeling that makes you tend to prefer something or to believe in particular ideas, opinions, etc.

Hero, devil, son and brother! The mystery of his birth draws near!
draw near 
to come closer

We're not gonna have a daughter who got knocked up by somebody!
knocked up
make a woman pregnant

So, if those huge pillars are supposed to herald the cataclysm.
herald
​something that shows that something else is going to happen soon

To protect the lives and property of our citizens!
property
a thing or things that are owned by somebody; a possession or possessions

They personalities adn looks were dead on.
dead on
exactly right

We vassals are the ones who fretted the most.
fretted
to be worried or unhappy and not able to relax

Why'd u turn on Joe?
turn on 
to attack somebody suddenly and unexpectedly

They'd need a battering ram to open that door!
battering ram
a long, heavy piece of wood used in war in the past for breaking down doors and walls

The andpoint of mankind's ideas equate to "DEATH"!
equate to
to be equal to something else

I don't nee a half-assed reporter to get a scoop!
get a scoop
to get an exclusive on a story

The advent of new technology.
advent
the coming of an important event, person, invention, etc.

The hero's been snuffed out.
snuffed out
to stop or destroy something completely

Good and Evil meet at Amaterasu! At linchpin of the Impire, the battle for thefate of the world begins!
linchpin
a person or thing that is the most important part of an organization, a plan, etc., because everything else depends on them or it

They're usual not this brazen about it!
brazen about
to continue in a confident way without showing shame or embarrassment 

Since, we've been branded traitors, we've been holding back, slinking around.
slinking around
to move around in a quiet, sneaky, inconspicuous, or furtive manner
