But it was a foreseeable circumstances.
foreseeable
that you can predict will happen; that can be foreseen

Do not comment on every trivial matter.
no comment
used in refusing to answer a question, especially in a sensitive situation

Rushdown boy!Ain't no way I'm givin' u an opening for a counter.
rushdown 
a general philosophy across all fighting games as well as a number of specific, aggressive strategies and play styles in particular games

Joe seems a good guy. I hope he doesn't get duped!
duped
to trick or cheat somebody

We can't open it without any juice?
juice
respect, influence, power, authority, or sexual desirability

The last cataclysm didn't just usher in an age of spontaneous human combustion!
usher
to take or show somebody where they should go

The pony whinnied and tossed his head happily
whinnied 
(of a horse) make a gentle, high-pitched neigh (when a horse neighs it makes a long high sound)

She had a high-pitched giggle which irritated me intensely.
high-pitched
(of sounds) very high

The girls giggled at the joke.
giggle
to laugh in a silly way because you are embarrassed or nervous or you think that something is funny

We've got our hands pretty full out here, but we'll find a way to make it to u.
make
to manage to reach or go to a place or position

In the end, U were nothing but a wee boy!
wee
very small in size

Mankind incurred the wrath of the stars, and the world was wrapped in flames.
incurred
if you incur something unpleasant, you are in a situation in which you have to deal with it

The cataclysm bee averted?
averted
to prevent something bad or dangerous from happening

A flare-up of hostilities.
flaring up
a sudden outburst or intensification
​
We at company 8 don't roll with despair now do we?
roll
to behave in a particular way

There's no such thing as a human with an independent will, all are swept up in that of religion or government.
swept
(P.P of sweep) to clean a room, surface, etc. using a broom (= a type of brush on a long handle)

I knew the 1st could do it! U guys really put us at ease!
put at ease
to make (someone) feel calm and relaxed

Quite reassuring!
reassuring
making you feel less worried or uncertain about something

If u're treading down the worng path it's ur friend's duty to stop u!
treading down
walk on and flatten

I remember the day Joe rolled up to my workshop like it was yesterday!
rolled up
to arrive
