A sermon about hope of life hereafter
hereafter
after death

The man would protest in anger, only to be waved off by the powerful superior.
waved off
to move one's hand as a way of telling someone that one does not want help

How about the people who're in the wake of suicide?
wake
​an occasion before or after a funeral when people gather to remember the dead person, traditionally held the night before the funeral to watch over the body before it is buried

We chose to rejoice in our filthy desires, don't have the slightest, bit of regret in that life, only pride, for having lived with a bruning passion and catharsis, for habing fulfilled one's desire.
catharsis
​the process of releasing strong feelings, for example through plays or other artistic activities, as a way of providing relief from anger, mental pain, etc.

There's still pork in the fridge so I could fix up some stew.
fix up
to arrange for somebody to have something; to provide somebody with something

The government adopted a resolution on disarmament.
adopted
to formally accept a suggestion or policy by voting

Female workers constitute the majority of the labour force.
constitute
(SYNONYM make up) to be the parts that together form something

We live in a world filled with high-tech gadgets.
gadget /ˈɡædʒɪt/
​a small tool or device that does something useful

He has a sound grasp of the issues.
sound 
good, detailed and complete

Some trees had been cut down.
cut down
to make something fall down by cutting it at the base

The police adopted tighter security measures.
adopted
to start to use a particular method or to show a particular attitude towards somebody/something

We arrived home safe and sound.
sound 
in good condition; not damaged, hurt, etc.

In a single night, u went from lauded as the world's saviour,to being just a bald criminal.
lauded
to praise somebody/something

She's better off without him.
better off
used to say that somebody is/would be happier or more satisfied because they are/if they were in a particular position or doing a particular thing

We were gigging two or three nights a week.
gig
to give musical performances in front of audiences, especially of modern music like rock, pop or jazz

Frothy romantic novels.
frothy
seeming attractive and fun but having no real value

A walking stick with a rubber tip.
tip
a small part that fits on or over the end of something

To give a nod of approval
nod
​a small quick movement of the head down and up again
