There's nothing worng with being lonely someyimes. It doesn't make u a defective person.
defective 
(SYNONYM faulty) ​having a fault or faults; not perfect or complete

Actually, I'm, more interested in those cute guys at the counter!
counter
a long flat surface over which goods are sold or business is done in a shop, bank, etc.

‘I don't know what you're talking about,’ he blustered.
blustering 
to talk in an aggressive or threatening way, but with little effect

She acted out the role of the wronged lover.
act out
​to act a part in a real situation

U don't need always bog me down with the details.
bog someone down
to prevent someone or something from moving on or progressing

U mind letting me do a quick pat down?
pat down
an act or instance of passing the hands over the body of a clothed person to detect concealed weapons, drugs, etc

He refuses to pander to the latest fashions.
pander to
to do what somebody wants, or try to please them, especially when this is not acceptable or reasonable

The factory churns out thousands of pairs of these shoes every week. 
churn out
to produce something quickly and in large amounts

I'm just not so vile as to meddle, in other people's business like u are.
vile
(SYNONYM disgusting) extremely unpleasant or bad

He had no right to meddle in her affairs.
meddle 
(SYNONYM interfere) to involve yourself in something that should not really involve you

I put plants inside of it's body and tinkered with  its reprodutive functions.
tinkered
to make small changes to something in order to repair or improve it, especially in a way that may not be helpful

I like selfish people, but people like that are few and far between and that's no joke.
few and far between
scarce; infrequent.

U and I are cut from the same crazy cloth.
cut from the same cloth
of the same nature; similar

That's rich coming from u Black Oni, u not being able to protect the queen's  what got un into this mess in frist place, ins't it?
rich
used to say that a criticism somebody makes is surprising and not reasonable, because they have the same fault

It would be nice to eat something else for a change.
for a change
contrary to how things usually happen; for variety.

The sordid underside of the glamorous 1980s.
underside
the less favorable aspect of something

Just whack your bags in the corner.
whack
to put something somewhere without much care

This court is in no way prejudging any such defense which may hereafter be raised.
hereafter
at some time in the future
