He lived out his days alone.
lived out
to spend the rest of your life in a particular way

A group of kids were loafing around outside.
loafing /ləʊfing/
(SYNONYM hang about) to spend your time not doing anything, especially when you should be working

Whenever he touches someone, the bacteria seeps through the pores og his skin and makes their way into  his target.
seep
(especially of liquids) to flow slowly and in small quantities through something or into something

Do u intend to continue taht tepid(= dull) existence until the day u dei?
tepid
(SYNONYM lukewarm) ​slightly warm, sometimes in a way that is not pleasant

I wish for my existence, to be etched into this world.
etch 
​to make a strong clear mark or pattern on something // ​if something is etched on your heart, memory, etc. you remember it because it has made a strong impression on you

If u fancy it hat much then feel free to extend ur stay.
fancy
(SYNONYM feel like) to want something or want to do something

Thoose guys, they're trynna scout out  humans with high level of desire in order to make a half-human kingdom.
scout out
​to find out what an area is like or where something is, by searching

I just survived it just on sheer luck.
sheer luck
luck, happiness etc with no other feeling or quality mixed with it 

I made light of other people's lives.
made light
treat it as though it is not serious or important, when in fact it is

This is extremely depraved
depraved 
(SYNONYM wicked, evil) ​morally bad

How about we kick it up a notch?
kick it up a notch
work or try harder

What a troublesome cutomer, going out of ur way to destroy the attraction of the park.
attraction
an interesting or lively place to go or thing to do

Don't shy away from the sight of it.
shy away from sth 
to avoid something that you dislike, fear, or do not feel confident about

Neither side is prepared to compromise.
compromise
to give up some of your demands in order to reach an agreement after disagreeing with somebody

After lengthy talks the two sides finally reached a compromise.
compromise
an agreement made between two people or groups in which each side gives up some of the things they want so that both sides are happy at the end

People can't help but to be caught up in the story oh their own life, making themselves the downtrodden hero.
downtrodden 
oppressed or treated badly by people in power

U're a nice guy, u're jus way meek for me.
meek
(SYNONYM compliant, self-effacing) quiet, gentle, and always ready to do what other people want without expressing your own opinion

I'm ok with any plan so long as I get to revel in the hunt.
revel
(SYNONYM make merry) ​to spend time enjoying yourself in a noisy, enthusiastic way
