Don't gloos over 'n cover it up! Somewhere in that muddled mess is u!
gloss over
to avoid talking about something unpleasant or embarrassing by not dealing with it in detail

He gets muddled when the teacher starts shouting.
muddled
​confused

Sorry, Joe I don't have time so I'll just tell the crux of the situation.
crux
(SYNONYM nub) the crux (of something) the most important or difficult part of a problem or an issue

Even though I touted  justice 'n piece so much I lost to that guy, I'm just a worthless monster.
touted
to try to persuade people that somebody/something is important or valuable by praising them/it

Think of a way to destroy that hard meandering outercover.
meander
(of a river, road, etc.) to bend with curves rather than being in a straight line

They meandered around the old town admiring the architecture.
meandered
(SYNONYM wander) to walk slowly and change direction often, especially without a particular aim

They must be warned of what happens when they bite the hand that feeds.
bite the hand that feeds one
you act badly toward the person who is helping or has helped you

They're one glorified corporate lapdogs existing to serve.
glorified
making somebody/something seem more important or better than they are

To live out your fantasies.
live out
​to actually do what you have only thought about doing before

His coworkers regarded him as the boss's lap dog.
lapdogs
a person or organization which is influenced or controlled by another.

Anyone who's not a true-blue corpo gets shit on constantly.
gets shit on
treat with malice or disrespect

He'll be off his game tonight, for sure.
off
used to say that something has been removed or become separated

The starting pitcher and the on-field broadcaster just broke up.
pitcher
(in baseball) the player who throws the ball to the batter

On-field medical treatment
on-field
at or on a sports field

What's the over-under on some drama at the Marlins game tonight?
over-under
a bet on whether the outcome of an event (usually the combined score of a sports game) will be above or below a number established in advance by the bookmaker.

That time might be nigh.
time is nigh
it is nearly time

The ringleaders were jailed for 15 years.
ringleaders 
​a person who leads others in crime or in causing trouble

Even if I were to shoot as per normal, there's a high change  of missing.
as per normal 
as typically happens; as is usually the case
