I think I can gauge u great skill now!
gaugue
​to make a judgement about something, especially people’s feelings or attitudes

Actually, it's been eating away at me to guess how u'd counter that attack.
eating away at me
to make someone feel more and more unhappy or worried

Listen, Joe! I have more ten one or two gripes about this whole situation.
gripe
a complaint about something

The energy inside ur body  right now is stronger, faster and more "free" then anyone else's, and that energy will propel ur abilities beyond ur wildest dreams.
propel
to move, drive or push something forward or in a particular direction

How much did u kwow? About this foolish endeavor.
endeavor
an attempt to do something, especially something new or difficult

The two walked to the river to fill gourds with water.
gourd
a type of large fruit with hard skin and a soft inner part. Gourds are often dried and used as containers.

His unyielding faith.
unyielding 
(SYNONYM inflexible) if a person is unyielding, they are not easily influenced and they are unlikely to change their mind

The product of a fertile imagination
fertile /ˈfɜːrtl/
(of a person’s mind or imagination) that produces a lot of new ideas

The one who drew this up ins't like me. I'm simply a piece of the puzzle.
drew up
​to make or write something that needs careful thought or planning

An indecisive battle.
indecisive
​not providing a clear and definite answer or result

He took the machine gun and a spare mag.
mag
(Also magazine) ​the part of a gun that holds the bullets before they are fired

You're not still brooding over what he said, are you?
brood
to think a lot about something that makes you annoyed, anxious or upset

The growing town soon encroached on the surrounding countryside.
encroached
to slowly begin to cover more and more of an area

What we're doing right now is a fools errand.
fool’s errand
a task that has no hope of being done successfully

That's why the SunWoo clan's martial art wasn't deemed right for u!
deemed
(SYNONYM consider)​ to have a particular opinion about somebody/something

What sign are you?
sign
a star sign (= one of the twelve signs of the zodiac)

U've need for me.
have need for
a requirement, necessary duty, or obligation

There's no way for us to know how she's been retrofitted.
retrofitted
to put a new piece of equipment into a machine that did not have it when it was built; to provide a machine with a new part, etc

Together unto death.
unto
archaic term for until

The boys were letting off fireworks.
let off
​to fire a gun or make a bomb, etc. explode
