

18/3/2024

The judge instructed jurors to disregard this information.
juror /ˈdʒʊərər/
(SYNONYM jury member) a member of a jury, typically selected to serve in a court case

His decision to invest all his money in that risky venture was sheer folly.
folly /ˈfɒli/
(SYNONYM foolishness) lack of good sense; foolishness

Their cabin in the woods served as a perfect hideaway from the stresses of city life.
hideaway /ˈhaɪdəweɪ/
(SYNONYM retreat) a place where one can go to be alone or to escape from other people

Improperly disposed waste contaminates the environment and poses health risks.
contaminates /kənˈtæmɪneɪts/
(SYNONYM pollutes) to make something impure or unsuitable by contact or mixture with something unclean

He was whacked off the team after his poor performance in the last game.
whacked off /wækt ɒf/
(SYNONYM removed) to be removed or dismissed abruptly or forcibly

The company decided to outsource its customer service operations to reduce costs.
outsource /ˌaʊtˈsɔːs/
(SYNONYM subcontract) to obtain goods or services from an outside or foreign supplier, especially in place of an internal source

Their meticulous planning prevented the thieves from foiling their heist.
foiling /ˈfɔɪlɪŋ/
(SYNONYM thwarting) to prevent someone's plans or efforts from succeeding

She casually dropped a mention of her upcoming trip during the conversation.
mention /ˈmɛnʃən/
(SYNONYM reference) to refer to something briefly or in passing

The demand for the product was off the charts, exceeding all expectations.
off the charts /ɒf ðə tʃɑːtz/
(SYNONYM exceptional) exceeding any previously recorded level or measure

He nonchalantly shrugged off the criticism, pretending it didn't bother him.
nonchalantly /nɒnˈʃæləntli/
(SYNONYM casually) in a calm and relaxed manner, showing little concern or interest

After the embarrassing incident, he became a laughingstock among his peers.
laughingstock /ˈlɑːfɪŋstɒk/
(SYNONYM ridicule) a person or thing that is regarded as absurd or ridiculous, especially in a humiliating way

They decided to ride on the success of their first product and expand their product line.
ride on something /raɪd ɒn ˈsʌmθɪŋ/
(SYNONYM capitalize on) to benefit from or exploit a particular situation or circumstance

He did his time in prison and emerged a changed man.
did one's time /dɪd wʌnz, taɪm/
(SYNONYM served one's sentence) to complete a prison sentence or period of punishment

The prank was captured on candid camera and became an instant viral sensation.
candid camera /ˌkændɪd ˈkæmrə/
​a television programme that was popular in Britain and the US in the 1950s and 1960s. It showed members of the public who had been secretly filmed in funny or embarrassing situations. At the end of each section the person being filmed was told, 'Smile, you're on Candid Camera!’

“Sure, we lost the game, but we played hard and learned a lot!” Person 2: “Looks to me like you're on the copium.”
copium /kˈəʊpiəm/
it's a combination of “cope” and “opium” often used to tell someone that they're in denial about something.




juror 
folly 
hideaway 
contaminates 
copium
whacked off 
outsource 
foiling
mention
off the charts 
nonchalantly
laughingstock
ride on something
did one's time
candid camera   
