let's reel it back in.
reel
a round object around which you wind such things as thread, wire or film; a reel together with the film, wire, thread, etc. that is wound around it

I punched him on the chin, sending him reeling backwards.
reeling
(SYNONYM stagger) to move in a very unsteady way, for example because you are drunk or have been hit

It was a given; the alternative was career suicide.
that's a given
there are no ifs or ands ot buts about something; it's a sure thing

The school has a very high teacher-student ratio.
ratio
​the relationship between two groups of people or things that is represented by two numbers showing how much larger one group is than the other

This so-called scandal is spreading like wildfire.
so-called
used to show that you do not think that the word or phrase that is being used to describe somebody/something is appropriate

There's mold on the cheese.
mold 
a fine soft green, grey or black substance like fur that is a type of fungus and that grows on old food or on objects that are left in warm wet air

Fussy parents.
fussy
too concerned about having things exactly as you want them; hard to please

It's bad manners to talk with your mouth full.
manners
behaviour that is considered to be polite in a particular society or culture

A disused station.
disused
no longer used

The giant dealing with it when it comes to plan.
dealing with 
(SYNONYM handle) to take appropriate action in a particular situation or according to who you are talking to, managing, etc.

Ur judgment on the matter of it being "badness" seems defeatist.
defeatist 
demonstrating expectation or acceptance of failure

U employ ur poor arguments, u possesss a remarkable ability to convince.
employ
to use something such as a skill, method, etc. for a particular purpose

His actions stemmed from "anger" directed at the world, which turns its back on every oppressed and persecuted person.
persecuted
subject (someone) to hostility and ill-treatment, especially because of their ethnicity, religion, or sexual orientation or their political beliefs

Without a doubt humans will destroy that world u imagined and feast on it to satisfy their greed and desires.
feast
a large meal, typically one in celebration of something

He's far too self-centered to care what you do.
self-centered
preoccupied with oneself and one's affairs
