Just when Janie wonders if Savannah has even the slightest bit of depth to her(if Savannah loves someone).
depth
the strength and power of feelings

The bodies of Carrie and Shay are, to use a crass phrase, blown out of proportion.
crass
very stupid and showing no sympathy or understanding

The sex is normal at first, thenunbelievably tacky, in Janie’s opinion.
tacky
cheap, badly made and/or not in good taste

The bus will be back for the luggage, and the students who didn’t elect to take in a third play, at 1 p.m.
elect
to choose to do something

He pushes past her into the room, closes the door and locks it, takes her hand, and holds her
push past 
to rudely force one's way in front of another

Savannah and Kyle are making out.
making out
to kiss and touch somebody in a sexual way; to have sex with somebody

She tries to strike up a conversation with Cabel by sitting on the aisle floor, next to him. Cabel is cool and mildly disinterested.
strike up
to begin a friendship, a relationship, a conversation, etc.

Melinda looks at Carrie with burning eyes.
​burning eyes
eyes that seem to be staring at you very hard

Shay shifts in the aisle and leans against Cabel’s leg, batting her eyelashes madly. Frighteningly.
shifts
to move, or move something, from one position or place to another

Janie slips into a grateful coma, her head propped against the window.
propped
​to support an object by leaning it against something, or putting something under it, etc.; to support a person in the same way

An internship at a television station.
internship
a period of time during which a student or new graduate gets practical experience in a job, for example during the summer holiday

I work for an employment staffing firm.
staffing firm
an organization that matches companies and job candidates

She walked to the front of the class with a swagger.
swagger
​a way of walking or behaving that seems too confident

Illnesses requiring referral to hospitals.
referral
the act of sending somebody who needs professional help to a person or place that can provide it

Some degree of latitude is required in interpreting the law on this point.
latitude
freedom to choose what you do or the way that you do it

Handmade wedding stationery.
stationery
special paper for writing letters on

If the day turns out wet, we may have to change our plans.
turned out
to happen in a particular way; to develop or end in a particular way

A shepherd herding his flock.
herd
to keep or look after a group of animals; to make animals move together as a group

A shepherd tending his sheep.
tends
to care for somebody/something

The brig sailed to the coast of Norway to avoid capture.
brig
a two-masted, square-rigged ship with an additional gaff sail on the mainmast.
