The other students board the bus in twos and threes. Some stand outside, sucking on cigarettes.
sucking
just a casual way to say "smoking a cigarette"

She'd be a fool to accept it (= if she accepted).
would
used for talking about the result of an event that you imagine

He combs his hair with his fingers, and it feathers and falls again.
feathers
shorten or taper the hair by cutting or trimming.

He takes her hand with his free hand and strings his fingers in hers.
strings
(SYNONYM thread) to put a series of small objects on string, etc.; to join things together with string, etc.

Everyone files off the bus.
files
to walk in a line of people, one after the other, in a particular direction

She rummages around in her pocket and produces a ten-dollar bill. “For breakfast,” she says.
rummages
to move things around carelessly while searching for something

His words failed to produce the desired effect.
produce
to cause a particular result or effect

Grate the cheese and sprinkle it over the tomatoes.
grate
to rub food against a grater in order to cut it into small pieces

The fire extinguisher directs foam onto the fire.
foam
a chemical substance that forms or produces a soft mass of very small bubbles, used for washing, shaving (= cutting hair from the skin), or putting out fires, for example

Whisk the egg whites until stiff.
stiff
​thick; difficult to stir (= move around with a spoon)

He spoke for a long time but his meaning didn't really come across.
come across
​to be understood

She asked if I would help.
would
used as the past form of will when reporting what somebody has said or thought

He was too bashful to talk about sex.
bashful
​shy and easily embarrassed

He looked away, blushing.
blushing
to become red in the face because you are embarrassed or ashamed

The was instrumental in molding the policy and ideals of the journal.
molding
influence the formation or development of

John picked some lint out of his pocket and threw it away.
lint
short fine fibres that come off the surface of cloth when it is being made

She patched up his wounded arm.
patched up
to give quick and usually temporary medical treatment to (someone or something)

The new democracy there continues to flounder.
democracy
to have a lot of problems and to be in danger of failing completely

Our boats were laid up during the winter months.
laid up
take a ship or other vehicle out of service

They bundled her into the back of a car.
bundled
to push or send somebody somewhere quickly and not carefully

A middle-aged man bursts out the door after him, yelling, standing on the step.
bursts out
to speak suddenly, loudly and with strong feeling
