He'd always be the first to offer to help.
would
(SYNONYM used to) used for talking about things that often happened in the past

Don't write me off as a failure just because of that one time when things didn't go right.
written off 
(SYNONYM dismiss) to decide that somebody/something is a failure or not worth paying any attention to

The oversleepers, latecomers, and don’t-give-a-shitters have either arrived or been written off by the teacher chaperones.
chaperones 
a person, such as a parent or a teacher, who goes with a group of young people on a trip or to a dance to encourage good behaviour

She burns the toast and decides the weekend is a write-off.
write-off
a worthless or ineffectual person or thing.

She stows her overnight bag in the compartment above her seat.
stows
to put something in a safe place

Before the bus is loaded, Janie's dozing.
dozing
​to sleep lightly for a short time

She's jarred awake by a splash of water in her face.
jar
(SYNONYM grate)to have an unpleasant or annoying effect

A shadowy face appears above the seat in front of her. “What the fuck?” says Kyle. “Do you mind?
shadowy
​dark and full of shadows

Janie looks at him. “Oh, hey.” Her voice's scratchy.
scratchy
​(of a record, voice, etc.) making a rough, unpleasant sound like something sharp being moved across a surface

She's cringing, holding her head.
cringing
(SYNONYM cower) to move back and/or away from somebody because you are afraid

I cringe when I think of the poems I wrote then.
cringe
to feel very embarrassed and uncomfortable about something

‘She said it was your fault.’ ‘Well, she would say that, wouldn't she? She's never liked me.’
would
used for talking about behaviour that you think is typical

Cabel is gawking at Janie. “Okay,” he says. “Okay. Jesus.”
gawking
(SYNONYM gape) to stare at somebody/something in a rude or stupid way

The dreams pelt her, from all directions, without ceasing
pelt
to attack somebody by throwing things at them

He removes his glasses and pinches the bridge of his nose.
bridge nose
the hard part at the top of the nose, between the eyes

He pinched the baby's cheek playfully.
pinched
to take a piece of somebody’s skin and press it together hard with your thumb and the finger next to it

These sunglasses have a special nose bridge for comfort.
bridge
the part of a pair of glasses that rests on your nose

Can you chug beer like that?
chug
to drink all of something quickly without stopping

I thought you were a partier. Drugs?
partier
a person who is attending a party or other lively gathering

Janie belches loudly.
belches
(SYNONYM burp) to let air come up noisily from your stomach and out through your mouth
