The man punches Cabel in the face and he goes down. He squirms on his back like a scared crab, trying to get away
squirms
(SYNONYM wriggle) to move around a lot making small twisting movements, because you are nervous, uncomfortable, etc.

The man flicks his cigarette at Cabel.
flicks his cigarette
Hold the cigarette between the thumb and middle finger

Flops around on the ground in flames.
flop
to fall, move or hang in a heavy way, without control

Savannah, the captain of the women’s soccer team, collapses on the covers next to her.
register
an opening, with a cover that you can have open or shut, that allows hot or cold air from a heating or cooling system into a room

The captain of the women’s soccer team, collapses on the covers next to her.
register
an adjustable, grill-like device through which heated or cooled air is released into a room

The heat register hums loudly. 
hum 
to make a low continuous sound

Joe, the captain of the men’s soccer team, collapses on the covers.
covered
the sheets, blankets, etc. on a bed

They hover at the edges of their bed.
hover
to stay close to something, or to stay in an uncertain statement

Our dismay at her leaving was set off by our knowing that she was happy.
set off
(SYNONYM make up, compensate​) to replace something that has been lost; to compensate for something

He looked at her in dismay.
dismay
​a worried, sad feeling after you have received an unpleasant surprise

Unpalatable food.
unpalatable
not pleasant to taste

Fringe meetings at the party conference.
fringe
groups of people, events and activities that are not part of the main group or activity

Start today by cutting out fatty foods.
cut out
remove, exclude, or stop eating or doing something.

Don't cut your parents out of your lives.
cut sb out
to not allow somebody to be involved in something

Their clothes were always austere.
austere 
simple and plain; without any decorations

He was accused of doctoring the figures.
doctoring
(SYNONYM falsify) to change something in order to trick somebody

A buxom blonde.
buxom
​large in an attractive way, and with large breasts

Every muscle in my leg just seized up.
seized up
(of part of the body) become stiff or immobile.

He seized her by the arm.
seized
(SYNONYM grab) to take somebody/something in your hand suddenly and using force

Savannah dreams about making the U.S. women’s soccer team, and meeting the legendary Mia Hamm.
make
to manage to reach or go to a place or position
