A drop is all it takes to prime a pump.
prime the pump
to encourage the growth of a new or weak business or industry by putting money into it

He soon chafed at the restrictions of his situation.
chafed
to feel annoyed and impatient about something, especially because it limits what you can do

He's good at looking after his own interests.
look after
​to make sure that things happen to somebody’s advantage

He fell to the ground with a bump.
bump
the action or sound of something hitting a hard surface

His instructions to his staff were very clear.
instructions
something that somebody tells you to do

To call out an engineer.
call out
​to ask somebody to come, especially to an emergency

I was afraid that if I started running the man would take after me.
take after
to follow somebody quickly

People were calling him out for his negative comments.
call out
to criticize somebody, especially publicly

I'm looking after his affairs while he's in hospital.
look after
to be responsible for or to take care of somebody/something/yourself

A lorry load of frozen fish.
lorry
a large vehicle for carrying heavy loads by road

Scores of volunteers help prep the food.
prep
prepare (something); make ready.

The fireplace was blackened with soot.
soot
​black powder that is produced when wood, coal, etc. is burnt

The advertisements were all posted in a conspicuous place.
conspicuous
​easy to see or notice; likely to attract attention

She tipped the dirty water down the drain.
tipped
to make something/somebody come out of a container or its/their position by holding or lifting it/them at an angle

The goalkeeper just managed to tip the ball over the crossbar.
tipped
to touch something lightly so that it moves in a particular direction

I felt I was stifling in the airless room.
stifling
(SYNONYM suffocate) to feel unable to breathe, or to make somebody unable to breathe, because it is too hot and/or there is no fresh air

They lay broiling in the sun.
broiling
to become or make somebody become very hot

Avoid strenuous exercise immediately after a meal.
strenuous 
(SYNONYM arduous) needing great effort and energy