He was intrigued by her story.
intrigued
very interested in something/somebody and wanting to know more about it/them

She slips under the water slowly.
slips
to slide a short distance by accident so that you fall or nearly fall

I couldn't bear the mournful look on her face.
mournful
(SYNONYM melancholy) ​very sad

He slips his hand into hers.
slips
to put something somewhere quickly, quietly or secretly

She's ust another wench, he told himself angrily, but deep down he knew different
wench
a prostitute

I'll do my homework after supper.
supper /ˈsʌpər/
the last meal of the day, either a main meal, usually smaller and less formal than dinner, or a snack eaten before you go to bed

I'm not looking forward to our next away game, because we have to drive over five hours to get there!
away game
in sports and athletics, a game, match, or contest that is held at the opposing team's home location

The pairing of food and wine.
pairing
the action of pairing things or people

My uncle claims that he was raised in a drainage ditch, but it's just another of his tall tales.
tall tales
a story that is very difficult to believe

The management and unions have reached a settlement over new working conditions.
settlement
an official agreement that ends an argument between two people or groups

Her hair was still damp from the shower.
damp 
slightly wet

A top-down management style
top-down
​starting from or involving the people who have higher positions in an organization

A black and white spotted dress.
spotted
​(of cloth, etc.) having a regular pattern of small dots (= small round marks) on it

She's always quick to spot an opportunity.
spot
to see or notice a person or thing, especially suddenly or when it is not easy to do so

A collar and cuffs of white lace.
cuff
the lower end of a coat or shirt sleeve at the wrist

I'll fix you up with a place to stay.
fix up
to arrange for somebody to have something; to provide somebody with something

A pair of leggings.
trousers that fit tightly over the legs, made of cloth that stretches easily

They simply fudged on the details.
fudged
to present or deal with something in a way that avoids giving clear and accurate information

She was suddenly smitten with remorse.
smitten
severely affected by a feeling, disease, etc.

He has effectively killed off any political opposition.
killed off
​to stop or get rid of something

He stormed from the room in a fit of pique, shouting that he had been misunderstood. 
a fet of pique/anger
a feeling of anger, especially caused by someone damaging your feeling of being proud of yourself
