"The divine blade boy who can see through ur sorwdmanship without really seeing" This was how my mother and I eked out our meager existence.
eked out
to manage to live with very little money

I see through ur cheap chicanery.
chicanery
​the use of complicated plans and clever talk in order to trick people

My mother slogged all her life for us.
slog
to work hard and steadily at something, especially something that takes a long time and is boring or difficult

As we each lack the means to finish off the other decisively, the remainder of this battle will be a protracted slog(= last for a long time).
protracted
(SYNONYM prolonged)​ lasting longer than expected or longer than usual

I kept some of his books and gave away the remainder.
the remainder
a part of something that is left over when other parts have been completed, used, or dealt with.

This doesn't bode well.
bode well/ill (for sb/sth)
(SYNONYM augur) to be a good/bad sign for somebody/something

This skirt needs letting down.
let down /let, daʊn/
​to make a dress, skirt, coat, etc. longer, by reducing the amount of material that is folded over at the bottom

We let the bucket down by a rope.
let down /let, daʊn/
​to let or make something go down

Sara will u accompany us and try to sway Joe?
sway
(SYNONYM influence) to persuade somebody to believe something or do something

U forge ur own path undaunted by concerns over reputation.
undaunted
(SYNONYM undeterred) ​still enthusiastic and determined, despite difficulties, danger, etc.

The cheif says, he will rescind the expulsion order if u do the right thing and take ur own life.
expuslsion
the act of forcing somebody to leave a place; the act of expelling somebody

Skirmishes everywhere. Enemies and allies alike, all in a junble.
jumble
mix up in a confused or untidy way

Some of the leaves were beginning to wilt.
wilt
(of a plant or flower) to bend towards the ground because of the heat or a lack of water

I'll begin anew!
anew
​if somebody does something anew, they do it again from the beginning or do it in a different way

Those ensnared by love are so easily deceived.
ensnared
(SYNONYM trap) to make somebody/something unable to escape from a difficult situation or from a person who wants to control them

I'm feeling cognitive dissonance.
dissonance
lack of agreement

Did u really go and patch me up?
patch up
​to treat somebody’s injuries, especially quickly or for the present time only

Has he beguiled her?
beguiled
to trick somebody into doing something, especially by being nice to them

They sau he attends executions assignment while inebriated.
inebriated
​drunk

They sau he attends executions assignment while inebriated, and that he once pawned his blade to fund his escapades.
pawned
to leave an object with a pawnbroker in exchange for money. The object is returned to the owner if they pay back the money within an agreed period of time. If not, it can be sold
