It was only happenstance that bought us together.
happenstance
chance, especially when it results in something good

I thought they came off very well in the debate.
come off
to be successful/not successful in a fight, contest, etc.

A button had come off my coat.
come off
​to become separated from something

Our opponents today don't even amount to a warm-up.
amount to
to develop into something

The men we knocked out are all upright?
upright
(of a person) not lying down, and with the back straight rather than bent

Indeed that man's an inscrutable fellow.
inscrutable
(especially of a person's expression) impossible to understand or interpret

The chaos unfurling about us.
unfurl/ˌʌnˈfɜːrl/

A tale of woe.
woe
(SYNONYM misery) great unhappiness

The Red Sox enter the season on a downer.
downer
a period of consistent failure

Doing this heist at night present a problem.
heist
(SYNONYM robbery) ​an act of stealing something valuable from a shop or bank

U're to blame for everything.
be to blame for sth
​to be responsible for something bad

Set more than seven years after the world has become a frozen wasteland, this series centers on the remaining people, who inhabit a gigantic, perpetually-moving train that circles the globe.
set
to be located in a particular place

What kinda ability does he have?
kinda
a group of people or things that are the same in some way; a particular variety or type

Did u have to go and reli 'em up?
reli sb up
to make agitated and angry

Dragging these unassailable gods down within reach of our fangs.
unassailable
​that cannot be destroyed, defeated or questioned

I only belive in stuff I can slice and dice.
slice and dice
to divide information into small parts in order to study it more closely or to see it in different ways

We could use fruit to replenish our Ki instead.
replenish
(SYNONYM top up) to make something full again by replacing what has been used

We'll agree to leave ur island and u'll allow our egress.
egress
​the act of leaving a place

When are you gonna get married and settle down?
settle down /ˈsetl, daʊn/
​to start to have a quieter way of life, living in one place

Please give your work in before Monday.
give in
​to hand over something to somebody in authority
