

6/4/2024

Dan did not want to get married but recently he’s had a change of heart.
a change of heart /ə tʃeɪndʒ əv hɑːrt/
(SYNONYM reversal) a significant change in attitude or opinion, especially from negative to positive

The marauding band of pirates plundered the coastal villages.
marauding /məˈrɔːdɪŋ/
(SYNONYM raiding) engaged in raiding or pillaging in a violent and disruptive way

As soon as the race started, the athlete shoot past her competitors with incredible speed.
shoot past /ʃuːt pæst/
(SYNONYM overtake) to move quickly past someone or something, especially in a race or competition

Let's adjourn to the garden for some fresh air.
adjourn to /əˈdʒɜːn tə/
(SYNONYM move to) to move from one place to another, especially for a specific purpose or activity

Children are often fascinated by the small wonders of nature, like insects and flowers.
small wonders /smɔːl ˈwʌndəz/
(SYNONYM marvels) things that are small in size but amazing or remarkable in some way

The inlet provided a sheltered spot for the fishing boats during the storm.
inlet /ˈɪnlɪt/
(SYNONYM bay) a narrow strip of water extending inland from a larger body of water, often providing a sheltered anchorage

Don't do something by halves; if you're going to do it, do it properly.
do something by halves /duː ˈsʌmθɪŋ baɪ hɑːvz/
(SYNONYM halfheartedly) to do something incompletely or without full effort or commitment

Incidentally, I heard that the company is planning to expand its operations overseas.
incidentally /ˌɪnsɪˈdɛntəli/
(SYNONYM by the way) used to introduce additional information or a related topic that is not the main focus of the conversation

The soldiers sounded off with a resounding cheer as they marched past.
sounded off /saʊndɪd off/
(SYNONYM express) to express one's opinion or voice one's thoughts loudly and clearly

The parents went for a walk with their children, with the little ones in tow.
in tow /ɪn təʊ/
(SYNONYM accompanying) being pulled or dragged along, usually in relation to someone or something else

The tree was adorned with baubles and tinsel for the holiday season.
baubles /ˈbɔːbəlz/
(SYNONYM ornaments) small, decorative items, typically used for festive occasions or decoration

Let's adjourn this meeting until tomorrow morning.
adjourn /əˈdʒɜːrn/
(SYNONYM postpone) to suspend or end a meeting, session, or event with the intention of resuming it at a later time or date

The majority of the shareholders were in favor of the proposed merger.
in favor /ɪn ˈfeɪvər/
(SYNONYM supportive) expressing approval or agreement with a particular proposal, idea, or action

The horses were champing at the bit, eager to begin the race.
champing at the bit /ˈtʃæmpɪŋ ət ðə bɪt/
(SYNONYM impatient) eagerly or impatiently awaiting an opportunity to do something

The detective gave little away during the interrogation, maintaining a stoic expression.
give little away /ɡɪv ˈlɪtl əˈweɪ/
(SYNONYM reveal) to reveal or disclose only a small amount of information, keeping the rest concealed or hidden

a change of heart
marauding
shoot past
adjourn to
small wonders
inlet
do something by halves
incidentally
sound off 
in tow
baubles
adjourn
in favor 
champing at the bit
give little away
