The plumber is coming tomorrow to install the new washing machine.
plumber 
a person who installs and repairs the pipes and fittings of water supply, sanitation, or heating systems.

Apple boughs laden with blossom.
boughs /baʊz/
​a large branch of a tree

They set out on an arctic expedition.
arctic /ˈɑːrktɪk/
related to or happening in the regions around the North Pole

The dispute was settled without acrimony.
acrimony /ˈækrɪməni/
angry bitter feelings or words

Judges were far too lenient with petty criminals.
lenient
(of punishment or a person in authority) permissive, merciful, or tolerant.

Call an ambulance!
ambulance /ˈæmbjələns/
a vehicle with special equipment, used for taking sick or injured people to a hospital

We found it cheaper to modify existing equipment rather than buy new ones.
modify /ˈmɒdɪfaɪ/
(SYNONYM adapt) to change something slightly, especially in order to make it more suitable for a particular purpose

At a stroke she could make things vanish into thin air.
disappear/vanish into thin air
​to disappear suddenly in a mysterious way

I've too much riding on this to go down now.
riding on 
depend on something

He was strongly attracted by her peculiarities of dress and behaviour.
peculiarity /pɪˌkjuːliˈærəti/
a strange or unusual feature or habit

What she saw was a bee hovering over a bright yellow buttercup that grew almost within reach of where she sat.
buttercup /ˈbʌtəkʌp/
a wild plant with small shiny yellow flowers that are like cups in shape

I'm really pressed for cash at the moment.
pressed /prest/
not having enough of something, especially time or money

They'll need an adequate supply of hot water.
adequate /ˈædɪkwət/
enough in quantity, or good enough in quality, for a particular purpose or need

She watched him from behind half-closed eyelids.
eyelid  /ˈaɪlɪd/
either of the pieces of skin above and below the eye that cover it when you blink or close the eye

The head porter works in close liaison with the reception office.
liaison 
communication or cooperation which facilitates a close working relationship between people or organizations.

I'll start defending again from here then.
then
used at the end of a sentence to emphasize an inference being drawn.
