A lack of clean water and sanitation were the main problems.
sanitation /ˌsænɪˈteɪʃn/
​the equipment and systems that keep places clean, especially by removing human waste

The teacher threatened to confiscate their phones if they kept using them in class.
confiscated /ˈkɑːnfɪskeɪt/
to officially take something away from somebody, especially as a punishment

I said unhand me, sir.
unhand /ˌʌnˈhænd/
to release a person that you are holding

Then he became aware of Carter’s two henchmen on either side of him.
henchmen 
a helper or supporter of a powerful person, for example a political leader or criminal, who is prepared to use violence or become involved in illegal activities to help that person

Her smile was a mixture of pity and condescension.
condescension
behaviour that shows that you think you are more important and more intelligent than other people

She wrung the cloth out in the sink.
wrung
(P.S, P.P of wring) squeeze and twist (something) to force liquid from it.

She loves to eat and intends to be a chef or nutritionist.
nutritionist /nuˈtrɪʃənɪst/
​a person who is an expert on the relationship between food and health

Left to ur own devices, u've lost ur way and become a destructive fiend.
devices
a plan, method, or trick with a particular aim.

Why are u trying so hard to suck up to lord Joe?
suck up
behave obsequiously, especially for one's own advantage

She went outside to see who was causing such a ruckus.
ruckus /ˈrʌkəs/
(SYNONYM commotion )a situation in which there is a lot of noise, activity and argument

She alleged the magazine had libeled her.
libeled
defame (someone) by publishing a libel.

She managed to stifle a yawn.
stifle /ˈstaɪfl/
to prevent something from happening; to prevent a feeling from being expressed

Only that which I leave behind is proof of myself.
which
used to be exact about the thing or things that you mean

I, and the past binding me to you.
binding
to tie somebody/something with rope, string, etc. so that they/it cannot move or are held together strongly
