

12/6/2023

The weather was dreary, with gray skies and constant rain.
dreary /ˈdrɪəri/
(SYNONYM Gloomy) dull, bleak, or depressing in appearance or character; lacking in liveliness or interest

The dictator ruled the country with an iron fist.
dictator /ˈdɪkteɪtər/
(SYNONYM Tyrant) a ruler or leader who has complete control and authority, often obtained and maintained through oppressive and autocratic means

His unworldly demeanor and unconventional thinking made him stand out.
unworldly /ʌnˈwɜːrldli/
(SYNONYM Otherworldly) not seeming to belong to this world or earthly realm; strange, unusual, or having an air of mystery

The newspaper headline grabbed everyone's attention.
headline /ˈhɛdlaɪn/
(SYNONYM Title) the heading or title of a newspaper article or news story; a prominent or attention-grabbing statement or summary

The brave firefighter shinned down the ladder to rescue the trapped cat.
shinned down /ʃɪnd daʊn/
to descend or climb down by gripping or sliding down a vertical surface using one's shins or legs

The vineyard produced some of the finest wines in the region.
vineyard /ˈvɪnjərd/
(SYNONYM Winery) a piece of land where grapevines are cultivated for the purpose of growing grapes, typically used in winemaking

The adventurous climber shinnied up the tree to get a better view.
shinned up /ʃɪnd ʌp/
to climb up by gripping or sliding upward using one's shins or legs

She decided to binge-watch her favorite TV series over the weekend.
binge /bɪndʒ/
(SYNONYM Indulge) to engage in excessive or uncontrolled consumption or activity, often in a short period; to indulge excessively in something

The busy dispatcher sat at the dispatch desk, coordinating emergency responses.
dispatch desk /dɪˈspætʃ dɛsk/
a designated desk or station where dispatchers manage and coordinate the distribution of resources or tasks, especially in emergency services or transportation

The lion's majestic mane flowed in the wind as it roared.
mane /meɪn/
(SYNONYM Hair) the long, thick hair or fur around the neck of certain animals, especially a male lion

He comes from Leeds or thereabouts.
thereabouts /ˈðɛərəˌbaʊts/
(SYNONYM Approximately) near or around a particular place, time, quantity, or number; close to a specified point or range

The new apartment was spacious and roomy, providing ample living space.
roomy /ˈruːmi/
(SYNONYM Spacious) having a lot of space; comfortably large or accommodating in size

"Actions speak louder than words" is a popular saying.
saying /ˈseɪɪŋ/
(SYNONYM Proverb) a well-known or commonly used phrase or expression, often conveying a piece of wisdom or advice

He gave a flaming speech that ignited the passion of the crowd.
give a flaming /ɡɪv ə ˈfleɪmɪŋ/
to deliver or perform with great intensity, enthusiasm, or fervor; to give or present something with a fiery or passionate manner

The investigation dredged up old memories and unresolved issues.
dredged up /drɛdʒd ʌp/
(SYNONYM Unearth) to bring something back to attention, often something unpleasant or forgotten; to uncover or revive something from the past

My friend offered to set me up with someone for a blind date.
set me up with someone /sɛt miː ʌp wɪð ˈsʌmwʌn/
to arrange or organize a meeting or date between oneself and another person, typically for romantic purposes



dreary
dictator
unworldly = not seeming to belong to this planet; strange
headline
shin down
vineyard
shinny up
binge 
dispatch desk
mane
thereabouts
roomy
saying
give a flaming
dredge up
set me up with someone 
