

9/6/2023

The defendant entered into a plea bargain to receive a reduced sentence.
plea bargain /pliː ˈbɑːrɡən/
(SYNONYM Plea deal) an agreement between a defendant and the prosecutor, where the defendant pleads guilty to a lesser charge or accepts a reduced sentence in exchange for cooperation or concessions

The new policy had an effectual impact on improving employee productivity.
effectual /ɪˈfɛktʃuəl/
(SYNONYM Effective) producing the intended result or having the desired effect; successful or efficient

The committee homologated the decision to move forward with the project.
homologated /həˈmɒləɡeɪtid/
(SYNONYM Approve) to approve, confirm, or validate officially; to authorize or ratify a decision, agreement, or action

She lives in the downtown district of the city.
district /ˈdɪstrɪkt/
(SYNONYM Region) a specific area or region, often with defined boundaries, typically used for administrative, commercial, or residential purposes

The product is not only affordable but also offers additional features. What's more, it comes with a lifetime warranty.
what's more /wɒts mɔːr/
(SYNONYM Furthermore) in addition; furthermore; moreover; used to introduce an additional or stronger point or fact

Regrettably, we won't be able to attend the event due to prior commitments.
regrettably /rɪˈɡrɛtəbli/
(SYNONYM Unfortunately) unfortunately; with feelings of regret or disappointment

As the ship sailed away, the passengers bid farewell to their loved ones on the dock.
bid farewell /bɪd fɛˈwɛl/
(SYNONYM Say goodbye) to say goodbye or take leave from someone; to express good wishes or regards upon parting

I've been trying to get a hold of John, but his phone is always busy.
get a hold of someone /ɡɛt ə hoʊld ʌv sʌmwʌn/
(SYNONYM Contact someone) to successfully make contact or communicate with someone; to reach or get in touch with someone

After the company's stock announcement, its share price shot up by 20%.
shot up /ʃɒt ʌp/
(SYNONYM Skyrocketed) to increase rapidly in size, number, or level; to experience a sudden and significant growth or rise

Don't mind him, he's just grumpy when he's hungry.
grumpy /ˈɡrʌmpi/
(SYNONYM Crabby) easily annoyed or displeased; in a bad mood or showing a sullen or discontented disposition

My sister is a worrywart and constantly frets about the smallest things.
worrywart /ˈwʌriwɔːrt/
(SYNONYM Fretter) a person who is excessively anxious or tends to worry excessively about various issues or potential problems

Despite facing many challenges, they made an incredible endeavour to complete the project on time.
endeavour /ɪnˈdɛvər/
(SYNONYM Effort) an attempt to do something, especially something new or difficult; a determined or conscientious effort to achieve

She visited the doctor to seek treatment for her persistent ailment.
ailment /ˈeɪlmənt/
(SYNONYM Health condition) an illness or health problem, typically of a mild or chronic nature

The employee was fired for engaging in serious misconduct at the workplace.
misconduct /ˈmɪskəndʌkt/
(SYNONYM Wrongdoing) unacceptable or improper behavior, especially by a professional or in a position of authority

The new policies were instituted to improve workplace productivity.
instituted /ˈɪnstɪtjutɪd/
(SYNONYM Established) to establish, introduce, or put into effect a system, policy, or practice

The moon's luminosity illuminated the night sky.
luminosity /ˌluːmɪˈnɒsɪti/
(SYNONYM Brightness) the quality or state of being bright, radiant, or full of light

plea bargain
effectual
homologate
district
what’s more
regrettably
bid farewell
get a hold of someone
shot up = to grow in size, or increase in number or level, very quickly
grumpy
worrywart
endeavour = noun = an attempt to do something, especially something new or difficult
ailment
misconduct
instituted
luminosity
