Wearing a raincoat, even on a hot day, is one of her idiosyncrasies.
idiosyncrasies
(SYNONYM eccentricity) a person’s particular way of behaving, thinking, etc., especially when it is unusual; an unusual feature

His strait-laced parents were horrified.
strait-laced
​having strict or old-fashioned ideas about people’s moral behaviour

The committee was set up in the wake of the inquiry.
wake
used to refer to the aftermath or consequences of something.

U gotta tip ur cap off to those crazies.
tip one's cap/hat off to someone
used to say that you admire somebody very much for something they have done

She was endowed with intelligence and wit.
be endowed with
to naturally have a particular feature, quality, etc.

The live music isn't synced to the visuals.
synched
(SYNONYM synchronize) ​to happen at the same time or to move at the same speed as something; to make something do this

I'm gonna play a brand of football that will produce the best strike in the world!
brand
​a particular type or kind of something

Good party favors include stickers, hair barrettes, or crayons.
party favor 
(SYNONYM small gift) a small gift or souvenir // ​a small gift given to children at a party

The book was bound in dark blue with gold lettering.
lettering
the letters written or printed on something

The materials used have to be able to withstand high temperatures.
withstand
(SYNONYM resist, stand up to) to be strong enough not to be hurt or damaged by extreme conditions, the use of force, etc.

To be plagued by doubt.
plagued
(SYNONYM trouble) to cause pain or trouble to somebody/something over a period of time

We're so close to getting the job done, but we keep coming up short
come up short
fail to reach a goal or standard.

Rock stars have to get used to being plagued by autograph hunters.
plagued 
(SYNONYM hound) to annoy somebody or create problems, especially by asking for something, demanding attention, etc.

Te forest was closed for hunting when the does were fawning.
fawns
(of a deer) produce young.

The bourgeoisie had thrown in its lot with the monarchy
throw in one's lot with 
decide to ally oneself closely with and share the fate of (a person or group).

