I don't want anything else, thanks.
else /els/
in addition to something already mentioned

Teenagers were loitering in the street outside.
loitering
(SYNONYM hang around) to stand or wait somewhere especially with no obvious reason

We all speculated about the reasons for her resignation.
speculated
to form an opinion about something without knowing all the details or facts

He likes to speculate on the stock market.
speculate
to buy goods, property, shares, etc., hoping to make a profit when you sell them, but with the risk of losing money

The speech was full of ad libs.
ad libs
something that you say in a speech or a performance that you have not prepared or practised

Foods that are rich in iron.
iron /ˈaɪərn/
a chemical element. Iron is a hard strong metal that is used to make steel and is also found in small quantities in blood and food.

Further resignations are expected.
resignation /ˌrezɪɡˈneɪʃn/
the act of giving up your job or position; the occasion when you do this

I don't want to tie myself down to coming back on a particular date.
tie down /taɪ, daʊn/
to limit somebody’s freedom, for example by making them accept particular conditions or by keeping them busy   

His proposal that the system should be changed was rejected.
proposal /prəˈpəʊzl/
a formal suggestion or plan; the act of making a suggestion

This involves identifying problems and enacting solutions.
enacting
to put something into practice

Her obstinate refusal to comply with their request.
obstinate /ˈɑːbstɪnət/
refusing to change your opinions, way of behaving, etc. when other people try to persuade you to; showing this

He beamed at the journalists.
beamed
to have a big happy smile on your face

Some drunk took a swing at me.
took a swing
to try to hit something

I want nothing to do with that bunch of nitwits!
nitwit
a silly or foolish person (often as a general term of abuse).

You'd better go to the doctor about your cough.
had better/best (do something)
used to tell somebody what you think they should do
