I don’t know why they despise me so much.
despised
​to dislike and have no respect for somebody/something

We spent the summer rambling in Ireland.
rambling
to walk for pleasure, especially in the countryside

Warning: this review contains spoilers.
spoilers
​information that you are given about what is going to happen in a film, television series, etc. before it is shown to the public

A made-up story.
made up
not true or real; invented

My thrist for revenge began numbing me down after time.
numbing me down
to become numb to one's emotions or outside sensations as a result some physical or psychological stimulus or trauma.

The festering wounds rotting on my body.
festering
(of a wound or cut) to become painful and infected (= full of bacteria)

There's no need for pretense I already know what u want.
pretense
the act of behaving in a particular way, in order to make other people believe something that is not true

The town centre was zoned for office development.
be zoned for sth
​to keep an area of land to be used for a particular purpose

She is still coming to terms with her son's death.
come to terms with /kʌm, tu, tɜːmz, wɪθ/
to accept something unpleasant by learning to deal with it

I'm sending the files off to my boss tomorrow.
send something off
to send something to a place by post

The red triangle denotes danger.
denotes
(SYNONYM represent) to mean something

The company needs to leverage its resources.
leverage
to get as much advantage or profit as possible from something that you have

They went backpacking in Spain last year.
backpack 
to travel on holiday carrying your equipment and clothes in a backpack

We'll be in clover down there, lying around in the sun and fishing on the lake
in clover
in ease and luxury.

My fear trumped my thrist for revenge.
trumped
to beat something that somebody says or does by saying or doing something even better

Some officials were dismissed because they could not fulfill their duties.
fulfill
carry out (a task, duty, or role) as required, pledged, or expected.

I'll never accept the prisoner's defection.
defection
the act of leaving a political party, country, etc. to join another that is considered to be an enemy

If I were to speak my piece, I accept Joe' defection.
speak your piece
state your opinion or view

He wouldn't be able to fulfill his ambition to visit Naples.
fulfill
bring to completion or reality; achieve or realize (something desired, promised, or predicted)

She had a husband who could support her so she didn't really have to live off 35 cents a week
live off
have a particular amount of money with which to buy food and other necessities

A plan to entice mothers back to work.
entice
(SYNONYM persuade) ​to persuade somebody/something to go somewhere or to do something, usually by offering them something

I'll be glad to get the exam over and done with.
get something over (with)
to complete something unpleasant but necessary

How can you watch that drivel on TV?
drivel
(SYNONYM nonsense) ideas, statements or beliefs that you think are silly or not true

Scavenging seabirds live off discarded fish and fish offal.
live off
subsist on a particular type of food.

The strike has once again reached stalemate.
stalemate 
a disagreement or a situation in a competition in which neither side is able to win or make any progress
