At a desk sits Melinda, doodling on the edge of her notebook.
doodling
​to draw lines, shapes, etc., especially when you are bored or thinking about something else

She's jolted awake when she falls into a huge, beautiful bedroom.
jolted
to give somebody a sudden shock, especially so that they start to take action or deal with a situation

Janie tries to blink herself out of the room(= she tries get out of the room).
blink
causes the caster to move to a target location or unit instantaneously without traversing the space between

Janie stares at Melinda. Melinda stares back, then points to the window with a jerk of her head.
jerk
​to move or to make something move with a sudden short sharp movement

Janie, feeling compelled, stumbles over to the window next to Melinda and they open it. Carrie climbs in.
compelled
to force somebody to do something; to make something necessary

After a slight stumble backwards, he regained his balance.
stumbles
​an act of falling or almost falling, especially because you hit your foot against something

She feels the ends of her braids slap the sides of her cheeks, but she is unable to remove herself from the classroom.
braids
a long piece of something, especially hair, that is divided into three parts and twisted together

She was mauled by guards at the border.
mauled
to touch somebody/something in an unpleasant and/or violent way

To take somebody on at tennis.
take on
o play against somebody in a game or contest; to fight against somebody

Janie squelches a grin(= try not grin).
squelches
(https://hinative.com/questions/23128091) to stop something from growing, increasing or developing

Janie puts on her hospital scrubs and takes a bus to the nursing home.
scrubs
the special clothes worn by surgeons when they are doing medical operations

Carrie doesn’t seem to talk about anything with sharp edges(= very serious or severe things, that can upset her)
sharp edges
acute and caustic

She’s afraid they might poke into her and then she’d burst.
poke
to make a hole in something by pushing your finger or another object into it

She assumes her mother is in her bedroom, down for the count(= her mother dink too much, that now she's unconscious).
count
unconscious or soundly asleep // defeated by being knocked to the canvas and unable to rise within ten seconds

Can I crash here?
crash 
to go to sleep, especially suddenly or in a place where you do not usually sleep

Carrie lets herself in. “Can I crash here?” Her eyes are rimmed in red.
eyes rimmed in red
having a red colour around the edge, especially said of eyes after crying

I was inwardly furious.
inwardly
in your mind; secretly

Carrie sniffles loudly.
sniffles
to sniff or keep sniffing, especially because you are crying or have a cold

I got asked out.
ask out 
to invite someone to come with you to a place such as the cinema or a restaurant, especially as a way of starting a romantic relationship

She finds two sticky, mismatched glasses in the sink and washes them out.
sticky
made of or covered in a substance that sticks to things that touch it