He sighed deeply at the thought.
sighed
to take and then let out a long deep breath that can be heard, to show that you are disappointed, sad, tired, etc.

She scours the library.
scours
to search a place or thing carefully and completely in order to find somebody/something

She grinning sheepishly.
sheepishly
(SYNONYM shamefacedly) in a way that shows that you are embarrassed because you have done something silly or wrong

keen believers in the monetary system
keen
having or showing eagerness or enthusiasm

A U-Haul truck (= moving truck) pulls up next door.
u-haul
a rental vehicle, especially a moving truck

When she peers out, pale and shaky, her mother is gone from the couch, retired to her bedroom.
shaky 
shaking and feeling weak, for example because you are ill or feel emotional

Janie thinks. She splashes cold water on her face.
splashes
cause (liquid) to strike or fall on something in irregular drops

Her stomach churns, and she feels dizzy from the colors. 
churn 
unpleasant feeling of worry or fear

Exhausted, he flopped down into a chair.
flop
to sit or lie down in a heavy and sudden way because you are very tired

Feels her body slump to the arm of the couch.
slump
to sit or fall down heavily

Janie washes her stinging hands carefully.
stinging
(of an insect or plant) to touch your skin or make a very small hole in it so that you feel a sharp pain

Sara sticks her foot out, sending Janie sprawling across the gravel.
stick out
to push something further out than something else or through a hole

Janie sprawling across the gravel.
sprawling
sit, lie, or fall with one's arms and legs spread out in an ungainly or awkward way.

She thinks about the bald man and scrunches her eyes. Weird.
scrunch
to make something become smaller or squeezed together

Her jaw drops.
jaw-drop
so large or good that it surprises you very much

Janie’s mother sips from a flask in her ratty old purse.
ratty
in bad condition

Her straggly hair falls over one eye.
straggly
​growing or hanging in a way that does not look tidy or attractive

The people at the table double over with laughter.
double over 
​to bend or to make your body bend over quickly, for example because you are in pain

He holds his briefcase in front of his privates.
privates
private parts (= a polite way of referring to the sexual organs without saying their names)

His face crumples in defeat.
crumples
look sad and disappointed, as if you might cry

Bob makes it obvious he's keen on her
keen
interested in or attracted by (someone or something)

New green shoots.
shoot 
the part that grows up from the ground when a plant starts to grow; a new part that grows on plants or trees

He sewed the patch onto the back of his jeans.
sewed
to make, repair or attach something using a needle and thread

He stands in his underwear, giving a presentation
stands
to be on your feet; to be in a vertical position

He tries to speak but he can’t get his mouth around the words.
Get one's tongue/mouth around
to have no difficulty saying (a word or phrase)
