Do u think this stand off will end with Joe's death?
stand off
a situation in which no agreement can be reached

Are u trynna patronize my rigth now?
patronize
to treat somebody in a way that seems friendly, but which shows that you think that they are not very intelligent, experienced, etc.

Look! can't u see those idiots, holed up in those tents, hinding behind mounds of dirt?!
be holed up
to hide in a place

The castle was built on top of a natural grassy mound.
mound
a large pile of earth or stones; a small hill

That's should be conveyed in official papers.
conveyed
to make ideas, feelings, etc. known to somebody

He walked in and everyone just cracked up.
cracked up
to start laughing a lot

The court brushed off his lawyer's plea for leniency.
brushed him off
​to ignore something such as a question, suggestion or criticism, or treat it as unimportant

She was aching and feverish.
feverish
​suffering from a fever (= a high temperature); caused by a fever

Do you intend to keep up this childish prattle?
prattle
foolish or inconsequential talk

She brushed him off impatiently
brushed him off
to rudely ignore somebody or refuse to listen to them

They pimped the girls to a range of clients in the area.
pimp
to get customers for somebody working as a prostitute

Those guys? Not only are they strange, but They're also stupid. They were fooled by Teo and almost has me locked up.
lock up
to put somebody in prison

Their marriage has broken up.
broken up
to come to an end

Stop spewing ur useless excuse.
spewing
to vomit (= bring food from the stomach back out through the mouth)

Ur conceited bullshit doesn't bring back the dead!
conceited
being too proud of yourself and what you do

He definitely used to be one of the more sutck up and more ones.
stuck up
(SYNONYM snobbish) ​thinking that you are more important than other people and behaving in an unfriendly way towards them

The knife had been honed to razor sharpness.
honed
(SYNONYM sharpen) to make a knife or other tool sharp or sharper

The people are held down by a repressive regime.
held down
to prevent somebody from having their freedom or rights

Hold it down, will you? I'm trying to sleep!
hold down
to limit something, especially a noise

The bank was into her for $100 000.
be into sb for sth
to owe somebody money or be owed money by somebody

They failed to develop a coherent economic strategy.
coherent
(of an argument, theory, or policy) logical and consistent.

She was lucid and coherent and did not appear to be injured
coherent
(of a person) able to speak clearly and logically

Divided into a number of geographically coherent kingdoms.
coherent
united as or forming a whole.

The two stared each other down after the match.
stare down
look fixedly at someone, typically in a hostile or intimidating way, until they feel forced to look away.

An ordnance depot.
ordnance
military supplies and materials
