Can you cue me when you want me to begin speaking?
cue
to give somebody a signal so they know when to start doing something

I guess my luck hadn't run dry just yet.
have (one's) luck run out/dry
to stop experiencing good fortun

We record our lives in that incomplete state, blazing like a fire till the moment we die.
record
a written account of something that is kept so that it can be looked at and used in the future

What about all the fratricidal wars? The blatant display of immorality?
fratricidal
connected with the crime of killing your brother or sister, or people from your own country or group

It was a blatant lie.
blatant
(SYNONYM flagrant)​(of actions that are considered bad) done in an obvious and open way without caring if people are shocked

U should've been grateful for the opportunity and made oneself scarce.
make oneself scarce
to leave somewhere and stay away for a time in order to avoid an unpleasant situation

We must take steps to rectify the situation.
rectify
(SYNONYM correct) to put right something that is wrong

Coarse manners
coarse
(SYNONYM vulgar) ​rude and offensive, especially about sex

A failed parse was retried.
parse
an act of or the result obtained by parsing a string or a text

Child hunger is the offspring of political indfference, unaccountable governance, and economic mismanagemen
offspring
the product or result of something

A quick once-over with a broom.
once-over
a piece of work that is done quickly.

That blouse sets off the blue of her eyes.
set off
​to make something more attractive or easy to notice by being placed near it

He didn't really get his meaning over to the audience.
get something over (to somebody)
to make something clear to somebody

A user question input is parsed into an internal conceptual representation.
parse
to divide a sentence into parts and describe the grammar of each word or part

I'll finish ur filthy lives now, beofre u defile the world any furthermore
defile
to make something dirty or no longer pure, especially something that people consider important or holy

He managed to carve out a successful photographic career for himsel.
carve out
establish a career, role, or reputation for oneself through hard work.

Their supporters have certainly earned the right to celebrate.
earned
to get something that you deserve, usually because of something good you have done or because of the good qualities you have

"I have keen eyesight"
keen
(of a sense) highly developed.

Check the fluid reservoir and top it off if necessary
top off 
fill up a nearly full tank with fuel

She sighed with relief that it was all over.
sigh /saɪ/
to take and then let out a long deep breath that can be heard, to show that you are disappointed, sad, tired, etc.

He was breathing heavily after his exertions.
breathes /briːð/
to take air into your lungs and send it out again through your nose or mouth

The risks associated with taking drugs.
associated /əˈsəʊsieɪtɪd/
if one thing is associated with another, the two things are connected because they happen together or one thing causes the other

She seems to be enjoying life in Paris.
enjoyed /ɪnˈdʒɔɪ/
to get pleasure from something

Knowing why and how corporations award contracts is vitally important.
award
​to make an official decision to give something to somebody as a payment, prize, contract, etc.

The boat capsized and sank.
capsized
if a boat capsizes or something capsizes it, it turns over in the water
