Retailers can exert leverage over producers by threatening to take their business elsewhere.
leverage
the ability to influence what people do

Seize the elf.
seize 
(SYNONYM grab) to take somebody/something in your hand suddenly and using force

Ok, so you lost. Get over it!
get over
to return to your usual state of health, happiness, etc. after an illness, a shock, the end of a relationship, etc.

The citizens of Tokio city gush over Joe's self-sacrifices.
gush 
to express so much praise or emotion about somebody/something that it does not seem sincere

Is he seeking the catharsis of escaping one's "self"?
catharsis
​the process of releasing strong feelings, for example through plays or other artistic activities, as a way of providing relief from anger, mental pain, etc.

I offset "stress"(= cancelling the effect) by transcending.
offset
​to use one cost, payment or situation in order to cancel or reduce the effect of another

These are the death throes of a saved human!!!
throes
​violent pains, especially at the moment of death

It was a shock to discover the truth about his sordid past.
sordid 
not moral or honest

people living in sordid conditions
sordid 
​very dirty and unpleasant

U're just a snobby skeleton who feigns enlightenment.
feign 
to pretend that you have a particular feeling or that you are ill, tired, etc.

It seems humanity still holds u by a thread. Be at ease, for I'll save u as well.
at ease
free from worry, awkwardness, or problems; relaxed.

It's time for a last-ditch effort!
last-ditch
used to describe a final attempt to achieve something, when there is not much hope of succeeding

If he touches u, he'll fiddle with ur brain and kill u.
fiddle with
to touch or move the parts of something in order to try to change it or repair it

I'm just getting my bearings.
bearings
knowledge of your position relative to everything that is around or near you

She was a devout Catholic.
devout  
having or showing deep religious feeling or commitment

Listining to a patient's story is one of the few enjoyment of a quack doctor.
quack doctor
an unqualified person who claims medical knowledge or other skills

You mustn't interfere with her work.
interfere with
to touch, use or change something, especially a piece of equipment, so that it is damaged or no longer works correctly

Have some of my plum jam—but mind out for the stones.
mind out
(SYNONYM watch out) used to warn somebody of danger

Being self-employed has its upside.
upside
the more positive aspect of a situation that is generally bad

We believe in parents and teachers calling the shots.
calling the shots
take the initiative in deciding how something should be done

She never allows her personal feelings to interfere with her work.
interfere with
​to prevent something from succeeding or from being done or happening as planned

The children my age were eager to express their contempt for me.
contempt
the feeling that somebody/something is without value and deserves no respect at all

Not even sliver of pain.
sliver
a small or thin piece of something that is cut or broken off from a larger piece

A heavily made-up face.
made-up
​wearing make-up

These are nasty pieces of malicious code such as viruses, Trojan horses and worms.
malicious
(of software or computer code) intended to damage somebody's computer or data files
