

14/3/2023


The speaker's commanding presence and powerful delivery overawed the audience.
overawed /ˌəʊvərˈɔːd/
(SYNONYM intimidate) to impress or intimidate someone by being very powerful, large, or difficult to deal with

Time management is an integral part of achieving success in any project.
integral /ˈɪntɪɡrəl/
(SYNONYM essential) necessary and important as a part of a whole

The book provides a comprehensive overview of the most popular fairy tales throughout history.
fairy tale /ˈfeəri ˌteɪl/
(SYNONYM folk tale) a traditional story written for children that involves imaginary creatures and magical events

The production team is trying to determine the optimal quantity of raw materials needed for the manufacturing process.
quantity /ˈkwɑːntəti/
(SYNONYM amount) an amount or number of something that can be measured

The art museum's latest exhibit features a collection of impressionist paintings from the 19th century.
impressionism /ɪmˈpreʃənɪzəm/
(SYNONYM none) a style of painting, music, or literature that emphasizes the artist's personal impressions or emotions, rather than a realistic representation

The surveyors used wooden stakes to mark the boundaries of the property.
stake /steɪk/
(SYNONYM post) a wooden or metal post that is pointed at one end and pushed into the ground in order to support something, mark a particular place, etc.

The rancher and his dogs worked together to herd the sheep into the pen.
herd /hɜːrd/ 
(SYNONYM corral) to gather and move a group of animals, such as cattle or sheep, in a specific direction

The athlete tossed the ball to her teammate, who caught it easily.
tossed /tɔːsd/
(SYNONYM throw) to throw something lightly and easily, often in a careless or playful manner

In many cultures, the color red signifies good luck and happiness.
signifies /ˈsɪɡnɪfaɪz/
(SYNONYM indicate) to be a sign or symbol of something; to indicate or represent something

The news of the accident was very upsetting to the victim's family and friends.
upsetting /ʌpˈsetɪŋ/
(SYNONYM distressing) causing distress or emotional disturbance

The investigation uncovered evidence of collusion between the company and its competitors.
collusion /kəˈluːʒən/
(SYNONYM conspiracy) secret or illegal cooperation or conspiracy, especially in order to cheat or deceive others

The dauntless adventurer braved the treacherous conditions to reach the summit of the mountain.
dauntless /ˈdɔːntləs/
(SYNONYM fearless)  showing fearlessness and determination in the face of danger or difficulty

I would like to go out tonight; on the other hand, I'm feeling tired. 
on the other hand/ˌɑːn ði ˈʌðə hænd/
(SYNONYM however, nevertheless, nonetheless) Used to introduce an alternative or contrasting point of view.

The angry customer hurled insults at the store employee.
hurled /hɜːld/
(SYNONYM throw, fling, toss, cast, pitch) To throw something with force; or, to shout something in a loud and aggressive way.

They raise cattle on the ranch.
ranch /ræntʃ/
(SYNONYM farm, estate) A large farm, especially in North America, where animals are kept, especially cattle or horses.

The defendant was found guilty of the crime.
be found guilty /biː faʊnd ˈɡɪlti/
(SYNONYM convicted) To be declared legally responsible for a crime after a trial or hearing.

The teacher gave the student a scornful look after they made a disrespectful comment.
scornful /ˈskɔːnfl/
(SYNONYM contemptuous, disdainful, sneering, derisive) Showing contempt or derision; expressing a lack of respect or approval towards something or someone.






overawe
integral
fairy tale
quantity
impressionism
stake = a wooden or metal post that is pointed at one end and pushed into the ground in order to support something, mark a particular place, etc.
herd = verb
toss = to move your head suddenly upwards, especially to show that you are annoyed or impatient
signifies
upsetting 
collusion
dauntless
on the other hand
hurl = hurl abuse, accusations, insults, etc. (at somebody) to shout offensive words, etc. at somebody
ranch 
be found guilty
scornful
