
How do I even put up a decent fight against this monster.
put up
to show a particular level of skill, determination, etc. in a fight or contest

The numbers decrease in exchange for destructiveness!
exchange
an act of giving something to somebody or doing something for somebody and receiving something in return

A job will be granted after the player's actions have been analyse.
granted
used to show that you accept that something is true, often before you make another statement about it

She rarely gave interviews and thus avoided being asked questions she'd rather not answer.
thus
in this way; like this

you'll be the one to bring about your own demise
demise
death 

So tell me what you have been doing?
what have you been up to?
it means I haven't seen you for a long time

They managed to hold on until help arrived.
hold on
to survive in a difficult or dangerous situation

I took moderation into account since we can't collect their corpses if they're to well roasted.
account
​to have the opinion that somebody/something is a particular thing

He has refrained from criticizing the government in public.
refrain 
(SYNONYM desist) ​to stop yourself from doing something, especially something that you want to do

the cab driver filled me in on much important economic and sociological data.
fill in 
inform someone more fully of a matter, giving all the details.

She sensed his deep emotional distress.
distress 
a feeling of great worry or unhappiness; great mental pain

Why did you excuse my clan?
excuse
to forgive somebody for something that they have done, for example not being polite or making a small mistake

You're sweating profusely, are you felling ill?
profusely
in large amounts

But they were just scouts.
scout
a person, an aircraft, etc. sent ahead to get information about the enemy’s position, strength, etc.

I was trying to get with the other girl, but the one sitting next to her kepy ennoying me
get with
To have a romantic or flirtatious interaction with someone
