We suppose "an aged thoroughbred will fall behind a packhorse", as they say
thoroughbred
​(of an animal, especially a horse) of high quality, with parents that are both of the same type

This is a perfect opportunity for u, Agito. Let this distress stew for while.
stew
a dish of meat and/or vegetables cooked slowly in liquid in a container that has a lid (= cover)

To take in lodgers.
take in
to allow somebody to stay in your home

It's finally time for u to "strike out on your own".
strike out on your own  
to start doing something new, independently of other people

There's no way in heel I hiring a fighter I can't rein in.
rein in
(SYNONYM check) to start to control somebody/something more strictly

I'm gonna need a new playmate to make things interesting, u pass with flying colors Joe!
with flying colors
​very well; with a very high mark / with distinction

U've helped me deplete my stamina.
deplete
to reduce something by a large amount so that there is not enough left; to be reduced by a large amount

I'll stop beating around the bush now.
beat around the bush 
to avoid giving a definite answer or position

There's no way he could throw a killing blow twice in succession! That preconceived notion is ripe for taking advantage of.
ripe for sth
ready or suitable for something to happen

I've been trying to get a hold of my lawyer for days.
get hold of sb
to find and talk to (someone) : to contact (someone)

His right foot was grating.
grate
to rub food against a grater in order to cut it into small pieces

The baby was wrapped in a blanket.
blanket
a large cover, often made of wool, used especially on beds to keep people warm

The trial was conducted under a blanket of secrecy.
blanket
a thick layer or mass of something

Many buyers are holding off until prices are lower.
held off
​to not do something immediately

She held off all the last-minute challengers and won the race in a new record time.
held off
to stop somebody/something defeating you

I could never revulsion towards "unnatural deaths".
revlusion
(SYNONYM disgust, repugnance) a strong feeling of horror

Their parting was near.
parting
the act or occasion of leaving a person or place

She pounded him with her fists.
pounded
to hit something/somebody hard many times, especially in a way that makes a lot of noise

That create the illusion that's phasing through(to pass through) him.
phasing
adjust the phase of (something), especially so as to synchronize it with something else

A spice used extensively in Eastern cooking.
extensively
​to a large degree; a great amount
