I'm going ahead! Stay fifty paces behind me!
paces
(SYNONYM step)an act of stepping once when walking or running; the distance travelled when doing this

Fiding a Sansam is all up to fate.
all up
(SYNONYM depend on) at or very near an end : with death, defeat, or failure hopelessly or unalterably approaching —used predicatively and in impersonal constructions with it

She had a few streaks of grey in her black hair.
streak
a long, thin mark or line that is a different colour from the surface it is on

She'll meet with amost trying experience in the near future.
trying experience
extremely annoying, difficult, or the like; straining one's patience and goodwill to the limit

U'll always wallow in the pool of your own insecurity!
wallow
(of large animals or people) to lie and roll about in water or mud, to keep cool or for pleasure

We often let lives wither away when we try to raise them.
wither away
to shrivel; fade; decay

What gruesome corner of heel did this guy crawl out of?
gruesome
very unpleasant and filling you with horror, usually because it is connected with death or injury

I'll cut off ur heads and string 'em up like beads.
string
hang something up on strings

Don't be taken in by his charm—he's ruthless.
taken in
(SYNONYM deceive) to make somebody believe something that is not true

Why I'm drawn to u?
drawn
to attract or interest somebody

He wagged his head from side to side.
wagged
to shake your finger or your head from side to side or up and down, often because you do not approve of something

The next hurdle will be getting her parents' agreement.
hurdle
a problem or difficulty that must be solved or dealt with before you can achieve something

The candle guttered in the wind.
guttered
​(of a flame or candle) to burn in an unsteady way

She rose from the gutter to become a great star.
the gutter
the bad social conditions or low moral standards sometimes connected with the lowest level of society

No one tackles love.
tackle
(SYNONYM confront) to speak to somebody about a problem or difficult situation

She lingered for a few minutes to talk to Nick.
lingered
to stay somewhere for longer because you do not want to leave; to spend a long time doing something

Not a building nor a tree was left standing.
nor
neither… nor… | not… nor… and not

The civil war lingered on well into the 1930s.
lingered
to continue to exist for longer than expected

‘I'm not going.’ ‘Nor am I.’
nor
used before a positive verb to agree with something negative that has just been said

A painful and lingering death.
lingering
slow to end or disappear
