She's the heiress of the talent of her mother and grandmother.
heiress
a woman inheriting and continuing the legacy of a predecessor

I think he's holding something back. I'm sure he knows more than he admits.
holding sth back
​to not tell somebody something they want or need to know

The atmosphere of the novel is successfully reproduced in the movie.
reproduced
to produce something very similar to something else in a different medium or context; to make something happen again in the same way

She just managed to hold back her anger.
hold back
​to stop yourself from expressing how you really feel

The whole building went up in flames.
went up
​to be destroyed by fire or an explosion

I wanted to tell him the truth, but something held me back.
hold back (from doing sth) | hold somebody back (from doing sth)
She held back, not knowing how to break the terrible news.

Just 'cuz ur feelings for me have soured, don't go around blaming it on me changing!
soured
(of relationships, attitudes, people, etc.) to change so that they become less pleasant or friendly than before; to make something do this

I've only changed my outward appearance a bit.
outward
​connected with the way people or things seem to be rather than with what is actually true

The tramp of marching feet.
tramp
the sound of somebody’s heavy steps

The departure lounge.
lounge
a room for waiting in at an airport, etc.

Several students were lounging around, reading newspapers.
lounging
(SYNONYM laze) to stand, sit or lie in a lazy way

Police have taken a man in for questioning following the attacks.
taken in
​(of the police) to take somebody to a police station in order to ask them questions

He was avid for more information.
avid
wanting to get something very much

The overall tone of the book is gently nostalgic.
tone
the general character and attitude of something such as a piece of writing, or the atmosphere of an event 

U were on ur last legs right now.
on one's last legs
near the end of life, usefulness, or existence.

How many times does ur truly have to clean up ur mess?

She poured boiling water down the sink.
poured
to make a liquid or other substance flow from a container in a continuous stream, especially by holding the container at an angle

It's hard to keep track of the children's comings and goings.
comings and goings
the movement of people arriving at and leaving a particular place

This coming Sunday is her birthday.
coming
happening soon; next

There was a head-on confrontation between management and unions.
head-on
in which people express strong views and deal with something in a direct way

