Watch out for the knave who lurks in the bushes at night.
knave
a dishonest man or boy

Dave won the hand with flush, knave high.
knave
(in a pack of cards) a jack (= a card with a picture of a young man on it, normally worth more than a ten and less than a queen)

The punishment was harsh and unfair.
harsh
cruel, severe and unkind

She'd been deluding herself that he loved her.
delude 
(SYNONYM deceive) to make somebody believe something that is not true

She was hanging on the rope bridge, crying her head off.
head off    
to take action in order to prevent something from happening

Within the happiness created from the "miracle", they clutched the doubt of what couln't be possible.
clutched
(SYNONYM grip) to hold somebody/something tightly

Do u want the up-and-coming great magician Joe to teach u a lesson?
up-and-coming
​likely to be successful and popular in the future

I'm willing to give you the benefit of the doubt.
willing
not objecting to doing something; having no reason for not doing something

The judge was far too lenient with him.
lenient
not as strict as expected when punishing somebody or when making sure that rules are obeyed

A wicked deed.
wicked
(SYNONYM evil) ​morally bad

The fields around had been sown with wheat.
sown
to plant or spread seeds in or on the ground

First, I'll prosecute u for the crime of killed our leader.
prosecute
institute legal proceedings against (a person or organization).

U can't log out of "SAO" of ur own volition.
volition
(SYNONYM free will) the power to choose something freely or to make your own decisions

The parts Joe helped us with turned up(= show up) on the exam!
turned up on
be found, especially by chance, after being lost

Sorry, it was a spur of the moment thing.
spur 
​to encourage somebody to do something or to encourage them to try harder to achieve something

U're still timid when u push off( = push back).
push
to use your hands, arms or body in order to make somebody/something move forward or away from you; to move part of your body into a particular position

For the First time, I've found something to strive for.
strive for
To put forth a great and tenacious effort to attain or accomplish something

U can see another HP(= hitpoint) gauge below urs, around here, right?
gauge
to measure something accurately using a special instrument

unruly behaviour
unruly 
(SYNONYM disorderly) difficult to control or manage

All that's me left is this defiled body.
defiled
to make something dirty or no longer pure, especially something that people consider important or holy
