Beat the butter and sugar; then blend in the egg.
blend in
(in cooking) to add another substance and mix it in with the others

The restaurant’s elegant new decor.
decor
​the style in which the inside of a building is decorated

Her wedding dress was stitched by hand.
stitch 
(SYNONYM sew) to use a needle and thread to repair, join, or decorate pieces of cloth

A hay wagon was winding slowly along the lane.
wagon
a vehicle with four wheels, pulled by horses or oxen and used for carrying heavy loads

His role has always been ambiguous.
ambiguous
​not clearly stated or defined

A pile of ironing.
ironing
the clothes, etc. that you have just ironed or that need to be ironed

I'm steamed now!
steamed
extremely angry

I told u not to flounce around so much.
flounce 
to move somewhere in a way that draws attention to yourself, for example because you are angry or upset

A foam mattress.
foam 
a soft light rubber material, full of small holes, that is used for seats, mattresses, etc

I have rescinded the hit on Joe(= stop the sttack) a long time ago.
rescinded
to officially state that a law, contract, decision, etc. no longer has any legal force

They'd been muscling in on Joe's turf.
muscling in
to involve yourself in a situation when you have no right to do so, in order to get something for yourself

We're not in short supply when it comes to video games to Tv adaptations.
short 
not having enough of something; being without something

We do have one means by which to drive a wedge the coalition armies advance.
drive to wedge
cause disagreement or hostility between.

If u gotta lean on someone grab onto Joe of the "Fein Force".
lean on 
to depend on somebody/something for help and support

How long can u hold out agaisnt my unrelenting onslaught from every direction?
unrelenting
(of an unpleasant situation) not stopping or becoming less severe

His approach was met with a vicious onslaught.
onslaught
a strong or violent attack

The terrifying name Joe made men soil their pants!
soil sb pants
to make something dirty, especially with solid waste

Do u mean to dim the glory Joe's won on the battlefield?
dim
it becomes or you make it less bright

This world's chock-full of fighters more powerful than I've ever seen before.
chock-full 
filled to overflowing

I don't intend to derive any pleasure from this fight. I'll simply take u down, for his majesy sake.
derive from
​to come or develop from something
