We insisted on a refund of the full amount.
insist on
​to demand something and refuse to be persuaded to accept anything else

He sifted the relevant data from the rest.
sifted
to separate something from a group of things

A faintly glowing fire.
faintly
in a way that cannot be clearly seen, heard or smelt

I do not perceive myself as an expert.
perceived 
(SYNONYM see, consider) to understand or think of somebody/something in a particular way

He has written extensively on contemporary art.
extensively
in a way that includes or deals with a wide range of information

He looked faintly embarrassed.
faintly
​slightly; to a small degree

He's throwing a flurry of low punches!
flurry
a small amount of snow, rain, etc. that falls for a short time and then stops

I wanna void any possibility of aspersions being cast on me when I become Kegan association chairman!
aspersions
critical or unpleasant remarks or judgements

The prison sentences will run concurrently.
concurrently
at the same time

The cut was bandaged to stem the bleeding.
stem
to stop something that is flowing from spreading or increasing

A parting of way.
parting
the act or result of dividing something into parts

The course of the stream has now been diverted.
diverted
to make somebody/something change direction

They danced rhythmically, swaying their hips to the music.
swayed
to move slowly from side to side; to move something in this way
I acknowledge ur strength, Joe. I'll give u, ur last rites as an equal!
the last rites
a Christian religious ceremony that a priest performs for, and in the presence of, a dying person

In a battle between master of "pre-initiative", one u go on the defensive, it's nigh impossible to recover.
nigh
(old-fashioned) almost; nearly

Despite her earnest efforts, she could not find a job.
earnest
very serious and sincere

She arrived late, looking hot and flustered.
flustered
nervous and/or confused, especially because you have a lot to do or are in a hurry

This single match will have unfathomable consequences!
unfathomable
​too strange or difficult to be understood

U fought so brutally just a secound ago, but u're already fit as a fiddle.
fit as a fiddle
in very good health

Did a keep u?
keep
to delay somebody
