

25/10/2023

The book's depiction of the fictional world was vivid and engaging.
depiction /dɪˈpɪkʃən/
(SYNONYM portrayal) the act of representing or describing something in a particular way, often through visual or literary means

He was hung up on the idea of starting his own business.
hung up on /hʌŋ, ʌp, ɒn/
(SYNONYM obsessed with) extremely interested in or worried by a particular subject and spending an unreasonably large amount of time thinking about it

She decided to rip up the old contract and start fresh with a new one.
rip up /rɪp, ʌp/
(SYNONYM tear apart) to tear apart or destroy something, often used to describe the physical action of tearing up paper or documents

The soapsuds bubbled and foamed as she washed the dishes.
soapsuds /ˈsoʊpˌsʌdz/
(SYNONYM soapy bubbles) bubbles or foam created by soap when mixed with water

The disreputable establishment had a bad reputation among the locals.
disreputable /ˌdɪsˈrɛpjʊtəbl/
(SYNONYM untrustworthy) having a bad reputation or considered untrustworthy, often associated with dishonesty or improper conduct

He was just a cog in the wheel, performing a small part in the larger operation.
cog in the wheel /kɒɡ, ɪn, ðə, wiːl/
(SYNONYM a small part of a larger system) a person or element that plays a small and necessary role within a larger system or organization

They decided to get up together and face the day as a team.
up together /ʌp, təˈɡeðər/
(SYNONYM simultaneously) at the same time or simultaneously, often used to describe coordinated actions

She chose to rear her own poultry to ensure their well-being.
rear /rɪr/
(SYNONYM raise) to care for young children or animals until they are fully grown, often used in the context of parenting or animal husbandry

The farm specialized in raising various types of poultry for meat and eggs.
poultry /ˈpoʊltri/
(SYNONYM domestic fowl) domesticated birds kept for their meat, eggs, or feathers, including chickens, ducks, and turkeys

He made mincemeat of the opponent in the chess match.
made mincemeat of somebody /meɪd, ˈmɪnsmiːt, əv, ˈsʌmbədi/
(SYNONYM defeat decisively) to defeat or overpower someone or something decisively, often used in a competitive context

The leader's ability to inspire and guide his team was an exalted trait.
exalted /ɪɡˈzɔːltɪd/
(SYNONYM elevate) to elevate or raise someone or something to a higher level, often used to describe praise or admiration

After a long day of work, he felt spent and ready to rest.
spent /spɛnt/
(SYNONYM exhausted) very tired or physically drained, often due to exertion or fatigue

Her condescension toward others was evident in her patronizing attitude.
condescension /ˌkɒndɪˈsɛnʃən/
(SYNONYM patronizing behavior) an attitude of patronizing or looking down on others, often expressed through a condescending tone

Nutritious food provided essential sustenance for the athletes during training.
sustenance /ˈsʌstənəns/
(SYNONYM nourishment) food or nourishment necessary for the maintenance of life and health




top over
depiction
hung up on =  to be extremely interested in or worried by a particular subject and spend an unreasonably large amount of time thinking about it
rip up
soapsuds
disreputable
cog in the wheel
up together
rear =  to care for young children or animals until they are fully grown
poultry
make mincemeat of somebody
exalt
spent = very tired
condescension
sustenance