We bought some mussels for dinner.
mussels
a small shellfish that can be eaten, with a black shell in two parts

The nurse mopped his fevered brow.
brow
the part of the face above the eyes and below the hair

The cook spooned out the soup into a bowl.
spooned out
to distribute something from a container with a spoon

This sauce has lumps in it.
lump
​a piece of something hard or solid, usually without a particular shape

Use a colander to strain the vegetables.
strain
to pour food, etc. through something with very small holes in it, for example a sieve, in order to separate the solid part from the liquid part

Drain the mussels in a colander and rinse well.
colander
a metal or plastic bowl with a lot of small holes in it, used for draining water from vegetables, etc. after washing or cooking

The famous jockey was recruited by one of the most successful racing stables in the country.
racing stables /ˈreɪsɪŋ ˈsteɪbəlz/
a group of racehorses, trainers, jockeys, grooms, and other personnel who are responsible for the training and care of the horses, all managed under one organization or individual

We should lay waste to all the weaklings?
lay waste
to cause very bad damage to (something)

He claimed he had only acted under coercion.
coercion
​the action of making somebody do something that they do not want to do, using force or threatening to use force

They couldn't sing a note in tune.
in tune
with correct pitch or intonation

The next morning we surveyed the damage caused by the fire
surveyed
to look carefully at the whole of something, especially in order to get a general impression of it

Walls were washed down, floors scrubbed, carpets beaten, and chimneys swept
wash down
wash or clean something thoroughly

The meat and bread were washed down with a jug of ale.
wash down
accompany or follow food with a drink

U fucking ratted us out?
ratted out 
​to tell somebody in authority about something wrong that somebody else has done

U think u'll be safe in the can?
the can 
slang to prison
