What'd it've been like if he'd himself to be fully impated?
impated
(SYNONYM convey) to pass information, knowledge, etc. to other people

With taht level of infatuation I have no idea how true his story is.
infatuation
very strong feelings of love or attraction for somebody/something, especially when these are unreasonable and do not last long

U weren't just clinging to him for support?
clinging
needing another person too much

U realize this is a dine and dash investigation?
dine and dash
the art of sneaking out of a restaurant without paying, even though you have plenty of cash to cover.

We're practical, so we're gonna use the lame title of "Hero" as a stepping stone.
pratical
connected with real situations rather than with ideas or theories

She gets out of the car, crunches over the gravel, and stands in front of him.
gravel
small stones, often used to make the surface of paths and roads

She cusses under her breath.
cusses
to swear at somebody

She can’t stand getting behind in school.
getting behind
​to fail to make enough progress or to produce something at the right time

She can’t stand getting behind in school. She works ahead, even
work ahead 
physical or mental effort directed towards doing or making something

“She’s at school,” she slurs.
slurs
to pronounce words in a way that is not clear so that they run into each other, usually because you are drunk or tired

Carrie grins. “You know where to find me. Sex tips and advice—just holler out the window.”
holler
(SYNONYM yell) to shout loudly

She leans up against the house and waits. The bricks snag her sweatshirt. It’s chilly. She puts her mittens on.
snag
to catch or tear something on something rough or sharp; to become caught or torn in this way

The leaves on the plant had shrivelled up from lack of water. 
shrivelled up 
to become completely shriveled; to completely dry up and become wrinkled.

She sits down tentatively in the chair by the director’s desk.
tentatively 
(SYNONYM hesitantly) in a way that is not done with confidence

We found it in her belongings after the coroner came. 
coroner
an official whose job is to discover the cause of any sudden, violent or suspicious death by holding an inquest
