Come along! We're late.
come along
​used in orders to tell somebody to hurry, or to try harder

He tugs her arm.
tug
to pull something hard, often several times

Sorry about the flagrant foul.
foul 
very unpleasant; very bad

I was ready to steal the nearest cell phone, stick a wallet in your mouth, and call 911.”
steal
to take something from a person, shop, etc. without permission and without intending to return it or pay for it

She gives him a sidelong glance
sidelong
(of a look) out of the corner of your eye, especially in a way that is secret or shows that you do not approve of somebody/something

The announcing booth.
booth
a place in a sports ground, theatre, etc. where the people who introduce or describe an event for radio or television sit

A phone booth.
a small place with walls or sides where you can do something privately, for example make a phone call or vote

If I scoot over a little, there's room for you.
scoot over
they move to a different position, for example to make space for someone else to sit down

It was that simple to make all my preparation and resolve waver.
waver
to be or become weak or unsteady

A herald from the abyss comes, together with despair.
herald
an official messenger bringing news

U thought if u turned into the old man, u could play me like a damn fiddle?!
fiddle
a musical instrument with strings, that you hold under your chin and play with a bow

Time to conduct evil.
conduct
to lead or guide somebody through or around a place

Your French has come along a lot recently.
come along
(SYNONYM progress) to improve or develop in the way that you want

We can get into the gritty( = obscure) details later.
gritty
(onepunche man cap 166) containing or covered with grit.

They have called up more than 20,000 reservists
called up
(SYNONYM enlist, recruit) summon someone to serve in the armed forces

It seems like he still retains at least some humanity, did he manage to stave off the full importation of power?
stave off
​to prevent something bad from affecting you for a period of time; to delay something
