Janie looks up at the director, whose face is beaming so hard, it looks like it’s about to crack.
beaming
to have a big happy smile on your face

The director picks up the small rectangle of paper from the floor and hands it to Janie. It’s a check. It says, “for college,” in the memo line.
memo line
filling out the line that says “Memo” is optional, but helpful for knowing why you wrote the check

Would you stop that, please? Stop what? That whole syrupy sweet-talk thing. It’s really grating on me
grate on sb
to irritate or annoy someone

Well, since you dumped him, he’s been going whole hog on the rich girls.
go the whole hog
to do something completely or to the highest degree

“I’m so over that guy. He’s a big fake. Right?” She eggs Carrie on.
eggs on
to encourage somebody to do something, especially something that they should not do

Carrie nods, overanimated by the liquor.
overanimated
to animate excessively

We know that genuine democracy in many countries starts to be built on polling day and goes on from there.
goes on from there
to proceed or continue after a result, certain amount of time, after an event or situation

She begins washing them as the flurry of information sloshes around in her brain.
sloshes around 
(especially of money) to be available or present in large quantities

“Maybe he doesn’t want to lose you as a future customer. Or a good lay. Face it, baby, you’re looking hot these days.
a good lay
to be a good, quick etc person to have sex with

She deposits herself in the bushes under his window, stepping carefully around the crunchy leaves that insist on falling constantly the past few days.
deposits
to put or lay somebody/something down in a particular place

She hears him now, and her heart breaks as he sighs and rustles around in the dark. 
rustle
make a soft, muffled crackling sound like that caused by the movement of dry leaves or paper.

Janie limps home. Ignores the barking dogs
limps
to walk slowly or with difficulty because one leg is injured

The monster-man in the kitchen, flinging a knife-pointed chair, hitting the ceiling fan, decapitating the middle-aged man.
flinging
(SYNONYM hurl) to throw or push somebody/something with force, especially because you are angry, or in a careless way

She chuckles morosely.
chuckles
an act of laughing quietly

He was sitting at the edge of the group and staring morosely into space.
morosely
​in a bad mood and without talking very much // having a sullen and gloomy disposition

At school, the number of sleeping students increases with the waning of daylight hours and the onset of colder weather.
waning
(SYNONYM decrease, fade) to become gradually weaker or less important
