Is it customary to tip hairdressers in this country?
customary
(SYNONYM usual) ​if something is customary, it is what people usually do in a particular place or situation

A pair of pink shoes completed her striking ensemble.
ensemble
a set of clothes that are worn together

The streets were filled with litter because the waste management workers were on strike.
litter
small pieces of rubbish such as paper, cans and bottles, that people have left lying in a public place

Black hair flopped across his forehead.
flopped
fall, move, or hang in a heavy, loose, and ungainly way

An inviolable rule of chastity.
inviolable
never to be broken, infringed, or dishonored.

I can totally whale on Joe!
whale on someone 
o strike or hit someone or something repeatedly and forcefully; thrash someone or something

U should spend ur lives stifling u misery.
stifling
(SYNONYM suffocate) to feel unable to breathe, or to make somebody unable to breathe, because it is too hot and/or there is no fresh air

Don't be such a wuss!
wuss
a person who is not strong or brave

I didn't intend tp pit sorcerers against soldiers.
pit against
to test somebody or their strength, intelligence, etc. in a struggle or contest against somebody/something else

Older people comprise a large proportion of those living in poverty.
comprise
(SYNONYM make up) to be the parts or members that form something

He was nabbed by the police for speeding.
nabbed
(SYNONYM collar) to catch or arrest somebody who is doing something wrong

To atone for a crime.
atone
(SYNONYM make amends) to act in a way that shows you are sorry for doing something wrong in the past

The collection comprises 327 paintings.
comprises
(SYNONYM consist of) to have somebody/something as parts or members

Strip away the bark of a tree.
strip away
to remove (something that covers a surface)

She's a special grade sorcerer, but headquarters keeps a tight lid on into about her cursed technique.
keep a tight lid on
to control a situation very carefully, especially so that it does not cause problems
