Tamp down ur emotions and take a stance of pure  reationality.
tamp down
to reduce the amount, level, size, or importance of something

We paid off our mortgage after fifteen years.
pay off
to finish paying money owed for something

The crew were paid off as soon as the ship docked.
pay off
​to pay somebody what they have earned and tell them to leave their job

I was merry after only a glass of champagne.
merry
(SYNONYM tipsy) slightly drunk

The giant aberrations come flocking
flock
a large group of people, especially of the same type

Alas, this worn body can't resist the allure of a good bath.
allure
​the quality of being attractive and exciting

According to the legends, it's not monsters that live in the enchanted lands, but the mountain sages.
enchanted
​placed under a spell (= magic words that have special powers)

I still haven't shrugged off the hits I toke before.
shrugged off
to treat something as if it is not important

He grumped at me when I moved the papers.
grump
act in a sulky, grumbling manner

It rained for five days in a row.
in a row
​if something happens for several days, etc. in a row, it happens on each of those days

Consumer hoarding of limited goods, such as gasoline and paper, is creating shortages in stores.
hoarding
the act of collecting and keeping large amounts of food, money, etc., often secretly

The flickering screen of the television.
flickering
(of a light or a flame) to keep going on and off as it shines or burns

Her eyelids flickered as she slept.
flickered
to move with small quick movements

If we spot monsters, we turn tail and run?
turn tail
When they heard the sirens, they turned tail and ran.

I have neither affinity nor enmity for u people.
enmity
feelings of hate towards somebody

The forest's full of bugs and monsters ans whatnot!
whatnot
used when you are referring to something, but are not being exact and do not mention its name

Back then, I was a wanderm without roots.
no roots
they are things that hold you down and keep you in one place. For a person this could be family, friends, or a job

Hey sensei, why'd u scoop up an unchin lime anyway?
unchin
a young child who is poor and dirty, often one who has no home

Customers scooped up the free samples.
scooped up
to take or buy (something) in a quick and eager way 

The bleeding at my throat is staunched.
staunched
to stop the flow of something, especially blood
