Intimate congress what's that?
intimate congress
sexual intercourse

Why the fixation on the girl? Especially since she doesn't exactly seem on board.
on board
onto a team or group as a member

An inn in the Joe domain.
domain
​lands owned or ruled by a particular person, government, etc., especially in the past

I just love tinkering and, for better or worst, this sort of nonsense.
tinkering
to make small changes to something in order to repair or improve it, especially in a way that may not be helpful

U speak of the elixir of live? For ages now, the humans who come always prattle on about that.
prattle
​to talk a lot about things that are not important

U're far from mastery. more lise a flailing child really.
flail 
to move around without control; to move your arms and legs around without control

I was still reeling from the shock.
reel
to feel very shocked or upset about something

When he opened his eyes, the room was reeling.
rell 
to seem to be turning round and round

Breathing like this, takes a tremendous toll.
toll
the cost or damage resulting from something

I'm a bit tubby.
tubby
(SYNONYM stout) (of a person) short and slightly fat

Mike was astonished but Emma took it very coolly.
colly
in a calm way

The fog soon encompassed the whole valley.
encompassed
to surround or cover something completely

The smell still hasn't gone away.
gone away
to disappear

So instead of simply depleting our Ki, we must weave it.
depleting
to reduce something by a large amount so that there is not enough left; to be reduced by a large amount

Preparedness for death is the only law u must heed.
preparedness
the state of being ready or willing to do something

U're making it sound like this is not a big deal, but I don't wanna waltz right into the leon's maw again.
waltz
to walk or go somewhere in a very confident way

If U're scheming to do something untoward while under the guise of training! I'm prepared to cut u down.
untoward
unusual and unexpected, and usually unpleasant

She swindles people under the guise of friendship.
under the guise
a way in which somebody/something appears, often in a way that is different from usual or that hides the truth about them/it

I asked u to indulge me in my grand life and quell my requests from centuries.
quell
(SYNONYM calm) to stop or reduce strong or unpleasant feelings

This began as a mere scouting trip, yet  I felt compelled to witness u with my own yeys.
compelled
to force somebody to do something; to make something necessary
