There's only one person who could concoct a scheme like this.
concoct
create or devise (a story or plan)

How much longer until we reach the top of the mount? thirty minutes give or take!
give or take
to within — (used to express the degree or accuracy of a figure).

He whupped my ass.
whup
to defeat somebody easily in a game, a fight, an election, etc.

I'm the only one who can go toe to toe with Joe.
toe-to-toe
in which two people or groups face each other directly in order to decide the result of a competition or an argument

After all my screwups, I lost interest in folks.
screwups
​an occasion when you do something badly or fail at something

The time of the invasion draws near!
draws near
to come closer

Our team work was stellar!
stellar
excellent

Mr. Joe u say, u're the "secret ruler" of the world, but authority figures the world over are always competing and sounding out their rivals for the right to rule.
sound out
​to try to find out from somebody what they think about something, often in an indirect way

The guy who shot Sara earlier is probably the same one we were tangling with on the summit.
tangling
a disagreement or fight

As though I'd let him leave this prison based off twaddle like that.
twaddle
(SYNONYM nonsense) something that has been said or written that you think is stupid and not true

A man transforming into flowers? how wondrous!
wondrous
(SYNONYM wonderful) ​strange, beautiful and impressive

People's hearts don't roll over and die so easily.
roll over
to defeat somebody easily

My life totally about-faced.
about-faced
a complete change of opinion, plan or behaviour

Is was when they sprung their trap I realized. No metter I tried to scape to, the Denizens(= Ninja) of the stone village'd come for me.
sprung
(P.P of spring) to do something, ask something or say something that somebody is not expecting

He sheltered her to the point she kenw nothing of the world. coddled by peace.
coddled
to treat somebody with too much care and attention

If they keep trynna kill me that half-assed, they won't leave so much as a nick on me.
nick
to make a small cut in something

I kanda wanna be offed already, if u don't mind.
offed
to kill somebody

U better leave. more watchers are bound to come.
be bound to
something is certain to happen or is destined to be true    

U've been a real handful for us sniper!
handful
a person or an animal that is difficult to control

U may be at the top of the world online, but in the end, u're just a loser who couldn't cut it in society(= be accepted by society ).
cut in
(btoom 120) to join in something even when not invited. 
