I've got a litlle sister. Only one in this world, she was ailing from an incurrable disease, but I didn't even have the money dor the midice.
ailing
​ill and not improving

I was aware that the duty was onebe fraught with danger.
fraught
filled with something unpleasant

U don't need be so on edge!
be on edge
​to be nervous, excited or easily made angry

U must be one dour bastard.
dour
giving the impression of being unfriendly and severe

With such a weak heart she was lucky to come through the operation.
come through
(SYNONYM survive) to get better after a serious illness or to avoid serious injury

The bank finally came through with the money.
came through
​to successfully do or complete something that you have promised to do

The magistrate's got some stubborn-ass stooge here.
stooge
person who is used by somebody to do things that are unpleasant or dishonest

My brother's true strength is how he can change, and it's because he can change, that it always comes to the fore: that unyielding pride of his
come to the fore
to be/become important and noticed by people; to play an important part

Have u come to Sara?
come to
recover consciousness

I'm fixing us some food.
fix
to provide or prepare something, especially food

Speaking of their appearance, they look bizarre. In addition to their alien anatomy, some even have altogether different life-form stitched onto them.
stitched
to use a needle and thread to repair, join, or decorate pieces of cloth

They're misbegotten Gods, so to speak.
misbegotten
​badly designed or planned

It's as tough we've all been tossed into a distasteful and shoddily made mandala.
shoddily 
built, made or designed badly and with not enough care

U're a daughter of the Yamada clan before u're a samurai. Women are obliged to betroth themselves to the next head of the family.
betroth
enter into a formal agreement to marry.

Ur skill with the sword are unimpeachable.
unimpeachable
that you cannot doubt or question

What's need on this island is battle prowess.
prowess 
great skill at doing something

It all hinges on securing an escape route.
hinge on
​(of an action, a result, etc.) to depend on something completely

An educated workforce.
workforce
all the people in a country or an area who are available for work

The liveliness of a big city.
liveliness
the fact of being full of interest or excitement

A precipitous decline in exports.
precipitous
sudden and great
