To start u're far to tense. Make use of this reprieve properly.
reprieve
to officially cancel or delay a punishment for a prisoner who is condemned to death

What my priority is here? And why I've got no time for woolgathering.
woolgathering
indulgence in aimless thought or dreamy imagining; absentmindedness.

If our enemy's gonna make a move, so be it!
so be it
an expression of acceptance or resignation

Should death be upon u, in the moments before ur doom, inflict grievous damage upon the foe that would wring the life from u.
wring
squeeze and twist (something) to force liquid from it

Though, u lot hardly need such a law, when ur shinobi training has drilled that very instinct into u already.
drilled
to teach somebody to do something by making them repeat it a lot of times

chants sutras?
chant
words or phrases that a group of people shout or sing again and again

U mean to imbibe the elixir of life urself?
imbibe
to drink something, especially alcohol

They'll paint pictures and pen tales far into the future and beyond! That's true immortaliy!
pen
to write something

An undying organism? Now that piques my interest!
piques sb interest
​to make somebody very interested in something

The great hermit reached enlightenment, achived deification and thus did split sevvenfold.
deification
​treatment of somebody as a god

A qualifying heat.
heat
one of a series of races or competitions, the winners of which then compete against each other in the next part of the competition

To suffer an epileptic seizure.
seizure
a sudden attack of an illness, especially one that affects the brain

I haven't imparted u with anything.
impart
(SYNONYM convey) to pass information, knowledge, etc. to other people

The spice imparts an Eastern flavour to the dish.
impart
(SYNONYM lend) to give a particular quality to something

Drop ur keens and puff out ur chest.
puff out
​to make something bigger and rounder, especially by filling it with air

U'd spurn peaceful resolution?
spurn 
(SYNONYM shun) to reject or refuse somebody/something, especially in a proud way

Sara, slice up the small timers.
small timers

How dauntless. U very body has transformed, yet u dont fear losing ur humanity?
dauntless
(SYNONYM resolute) showing fearlessness and determination

It's nearly the end of term.
term
one of the three periods in the year during which classes are held in schools, universities, etc.

The film portrays a world of small-time crooks, petty crime and drinking clubs.
crooks 
(SYNONYM criminal) a dishonest person
