They'll pose a danger to u as well.
pose a danger
it is the cause of that problem or danger.

We'll be having u shed ur numbers.
shed
to get rid of something that is no longer wanted

I apologize, there's actually one more thing! before we embark we'd like u to whittle down ur numbers
whittle down
to reduce the size or number of something

Sorry, I dashed ur expectations.
dashed
​used as a mild swear word by some people to emphasize something or to show they are annoyed

Ur swordsmanship is saddled with, Sara is u continue being lost and afraid then the criminals will only suffer as they die.
saddled with
to give somebody/yourself an unpleasant responsibility, task, debt, etc.

It's certainly true that even after spending several days with him, I still haven't ascertained this man's true nature.
ascertained
​to find out the true or correct information about something

Jeez, Sara u're as uptight as ever.
uptight
anxious and/or angry about something

according to the registry, he's a ferocious warrior monk who, in the middle of his training, became enthralled by armor and weaponry.
enthralled
(SYNONYM entrance2) ​if something enthrals you, it is so interesting, beautiful, etc. that you give it all your attention

This ain't the only thing that's downright unreasonable.
downright
used as a way of emphasizing something negative or unpleasant

It's incumbent on me to execute him posthaste!
posthaste
as quickly as you can

Just because his upbringing led him astray, didn't make him an empty man bereft of any feelings.
bereft
completely without something; having lost something

Turn ur erstwhile weakness into a strength.
erstwhile
​former; that until recently was the type of person or thing described but is not any more

He had to face up to his own inadequacies as a father.
inadequacies
a weakness; a lack of something

I don't see how u can go on enjoying ur everyday rice, off the neck of the criminals u kill, whatever-emon.
off
(hell's paradise ep 7) used to say that something has been removed or become separated

He was a haughty one, always crowing aboit his big estate.
crowing
(SYNONYM boast, gloat) to talk too proudly about something you have achieved, especially when somebody else has been unsuccessful

When they started calling mea peerless paragon, the "dragon of the sword"?
peerless
(SYNONYM unsurpassed) better than all others of its kind

The couple have no savings except for the equity in their house.
equity
the value of a property after all charges and debts have been paid

Sense of inadequacy.
inadequacy
a state of not being able or confident to deal with a situation

A society where justice and equity prevail.
equity
(SYNONYM fairness) a situation in which everyone is treated equally

The doctors tried everything to keep him alive but to no avail.
to little/no avail
with little or no success
