The news put him in a bit of a paddy.
paddy
(SYNONYM temper) a state of being angry or in a bad mood

Any doubts had long since been swept away.
swept away 
​to get rid of something completely

Well, that's my holiday plans gone up the spout!
be/go up the spout
to be/go wrong; to fail to work or be successful

A precipitous action.
precipitous
(SYNONYM hasty) ​done very quickly, without enough thought or care

It'd behoove u not to move yet.
it behoves somebody to do something
it is right or necessary for somebody to do something

It's due to the mere fact she's a woman the she is so snubbed.
snubbed
(SYNONYM cold-shoulder) to show a lack of respect for somebody, especially by ignoring them when you meet

As it's stupefying smoke. it's the posin in the smoke that gets u first.
stupefying
making you unable to think clearly

To have strong political views.
view
a personal opinion about something; an attitude towards something

He has an optimistic view of life.
view
a way of understanding or thinking about something

The sogunate's plans seem shoddier by the hour.
shoddier
(SYNONYM second-rate)(of goods, work, etc.) made or done badly and with not enough care

Board a boat back home come dawn, Sara. This mission is to much for a woman to take.
come dawn
to begin to be perceived or understood the truth finally dawned on us.

I'd venture to guess that u have some idia what might  have spurred his changed of character.
spurred
to encourage somebody to do something or to encourage them to try harder to achieve something

I won't run from anybody who'd thwart the life I want.
thwart 
(SYNONYM frustrate) ​to prevent somebody from doing what they want to do

She gave a sneering laugh.
sneer
(SYNONYM mock) to show that you have no respect for somebody by the expression on your face or by the way you speak

Their eyes full of scorn and bewilderment for the woman would wield a sword.
bewilderment
(SYNONYM confusion) ​a feeling of being completely confused

I can't bequeath a Yamada clan sword to her, she's a woman.
bequeath
(SYNONYM leave) ​to say in a will that you want somebody to have your property, money, etc. after you die

If I chose to live as  the daughter os Asa the beheader, then I'd be gazed at with derision from the outside.
derision
(SYNONYM scorn) a strong feeling that somebody/something is silly and not worth considering seriously, shown by laughing in an unkind way or by making unkind remarks

I acknowledge that I'm callow and weak.
callow 
(SYNONYM inexperienced​) young and without experience

Joe has presumably slain Sir. Eizen.
presumably 
used to say that you think that something is probably true

As in the porper method og beheading, one must simpley know how the human body is constructed, and weave their way to the gaps.
weave
to put facts, events, details, etc. together to make a story or a closely connected whole
