A whole new whirled(= new troubles).
whirled
(SYNONYM reel) if your mind, thoughts, etc. whirl, you feel confused and excited and cannot think clearly

We've done our groundwork.
groundwork
work that is done as preparation for other work that will be done later

Don't just sit there frowning with that scared face.
frowning
to make a serious, angry or worried expression by bringing your eyebrows closer together so that lines appear on your forehead

I'm not gonna fucking look, it's the oldest trick in the book.
trick
something that you do to make somebody believe something that is not true, or to annoy somebody as a joke

The only one who's acting suspicious is torio. He was my main suspect at first, because he kept silent when they found the old lady. Then, my suspicion grew larger as i see how he egged sakamoto san. That's what i would do.
egg on 
to encourage somebody to do something, especially something that they should not do

Sara's a house-wife who blurts out the firts thing that comes to her mind.
blurts
to say something suddenly and without thinking carefully enough

There was a pail to catch the drips from the ceiling.
pail
(SYNONYM bucket) an open container with a handle, used for carrying or holding liquids, sand, etc.

She hauled herself out of bed.
hauled
to move yourself somewhere slowly and with a lot of effort

She made a face and tossed her purse at him.
made face
produce an expression on one's face that shows dislike, disgust, or some other negative emotion, or that is intended to be amusing.

U hubbed up(= marriage)?
hubbed up
(SYNONYM marriage) having a husband or wife

The heats of the 200 metres will be run off tomorrow.
run off
​to cause a race to be run

U're just trynna psych me out?
pysh out
to make an opponent feel less confident by saying or doing things that make you seem better, stronger, etc. than them

He seriously believes it? Or did his brain snap from stress?
snap
to break something suddenly with a sharp noise; to be broken in this way

No one will mourn ur death!
mourn
(SYNONYM grieve) to feel and show that you are sad because somebody has died; to feel sad because something no longer exists or is no longer the same

A ruse?
ruse
(SYNONYM trick) a way of doing something or of getting something by cheating somebody

He and the next-door neighbour ran off together.
ran off
​to leave home, your husband, wife, etc. in order to have a relationship with another person

He's bogged down by his old man.
bogged down
to make something sink into mud or wet ground

I'm not cut out for this shit
cut out for sth 
naturally able or suited to do or be (something)

Could you run off twenty copies of the agenda?
run off
​to copy something on a machine
