u gave it ur all though, right?
though
despite the fact that

We're of the priesthood.
priesthood
the job or position of being a priest

The news of her promotion went over well with her colleagues.
went over
​to be received in a particular way by somebody

Just talking? Arguing more like it.
more like
used to give what you think is a better description of something

She’ll always help you if you’re in a spot.
in a (tight) spot/corner
in a difficult situation

His glasses were smeared.
smeared
to make something dirty or greasy

I should sell the place and be done with it.
do with
give up concern for something; have finished with something

I'm sorry to be the bearer of bad news.
bearer
a person who brings a message, a letter, etc.

The ones who betrayed me, one day I'll find a way to round them all up and kill them all.
round up
​to find and gather together people, animals or things

In the end, they're all selfish bastard spouting their bullshit!
spout
to speak a lot about something; to repeat something in a boring or annoying way

Ever since I become blind I've been more attuned to sounds.
attuned
familiar with somebody/something so that you can understand or recognize them or it and act in an appropriate way

Joe's love for his mom, combined with our unreliable selves, set off the switch inside him
unreliable
​that cannot be trusted or depended on

Ever since I become blind I've been more attuned to sounds. I can even tell u apart by the unique sound of ur footsteps.
tell apert
distinguish or separate one from another

We've been on this island for seven days, so doesn't it start to poll up?
pool up
to gather up, accumulate, or group together something, especially money, from various sources

But u're bigots for rejecting the hateful content?
bigot
a person who has very strong, unreasonable beliefs or opinions about race, religion or politics and who will not listen to or accept the opinions of anyone who disagrees

U can't see me jerk off through that thing can u?
jerk off 
(of a man) to masturbate

I'm sure u're not up to speed on what's been happening.
up to speed
​(of a person) having the most recent and accurate information or knowledge

I bought a chair made of cane at the yard sale.
cane
these stems used as a material for making furniture, etc.

Cups and saucers
saucer
a small shallow round dish that a cup stands on; an object that is like this in shape
