start today by cutting out fatty foods
cut it out
remove, exclude, or stop eating or doing something

she cut his photograph out of the paper
cut it out
remove or make something by separating it from something larger with a sharp implement

have something out
​to cause something, especially a part of your body, to be removed

The children liked to suck the sweet juice from the sugar cane.
sugar cane
​a tall tropical plant with thick stems from which sugar is made

Judging by its ill-kempt appearance, the dog was definitely a stray.
stray
​an animal that has got lost or separated from its owner or that has no owner

she was working her way toward the door and when no one was watching, she cut out
cut it out
(of a person) leave quickly, especially so as to avoid a boring or awkward situation

He's saying random gibberish english!
gibberish
(SYNONYM nonsense) ​words that have no meaning or are impossible to understand

I'm sick of that joke; cut it out, can't you?
cut it out
used to ask someone to stop doing or saying something that is annoying or offensive

Bill and Frank geeked out over computer stuff for a bit.
geeked
to do or discuss computer tasks with great enthusiasm and attention to technical detail

We chatted and geeked about pop culture we both like.
geek
to be or become extremely excited about something, especially something that only a few people are interested in

These days we rely heavily on computers to organize our work.
rely on
to need or depend on somebody/somethin

He can't be relied on to tell the truth.
relied on
to trust or have faith in somebody/something

She was delighted by the news of the wedding.
delighted
​very pleased

U must be Joe Star, the thief who stole information from USA. It appears  u stayed alive by cozying up to the evil communists.
cozying up
to attain or try to attain familiarity, friendship, or intimacy

U're the ones who have been mated.
mated
to put your opponent in a position in which they cannot prevent their king (= the most important piece) being captured and therefore lose the game

I always taking Joe for granted.
granted
used to show that you accept that something is true, often before you make another statement about it

They did the cooking by themselves.
(all) by themselves
​without help

Do u have a coterie of supervillains?
coterie
a small group of people who have the same interests and do things together but do not like to include others

I dread waking up to his memories(= that you hate the idea of waking up to memories of him)
dread to someone memories 
don't wanna remember someone
