Joe, u're amazing! U fended off all of those lizards!
fend off
to defend or protect yourself from something/somebody that is attacking you

So we countervalied one another's radar?
countervalied
offsetting an effect by countering it with something of equal force

At work, I was a demon. Using legal loopholes to forced people into corneres.
loophole
a mistake in the way a law, contract, etc. has been written that enables people to legally avoid doing something that the law, contract, etc. had intended them to do

The men, all of them are lecherous beasts.
lecherous
(SYNONYM lascivious, lustful)​ showing an unpleasant sexual interest in somebody

Take stock of the inventory then.
take stock
review or make an overall assessment of a particular situation, typically as a prelude to making a decision

Don't group me with such lowlifes.
group
to gather into a group; to make somebody/something form a group

What'd I stand to again?
stand to again/lose
to be in a situation where you can get/lose money or an advantage

This bim (= grenade) will home in on u.
home in on someone
to find and move directly toward (someone or something)

Pears in syrup.
syrup
a sweet liquid made from sugar and water, often used in cans of fruit

He skimmed off some of the profits.
skimmed off
to take (something valuable) for oneself out of something else

That's why it's better that I make a breakthrough right now and charge towards my dream!
breakthrough
a sudden, dramatic, and important discovery or development.

Why are you snarling?
snarl 
to speak in a rough, low, angry voice

She was packing her school trunk.
trunk
a large, strong box with a lid (= cover), used for storing or transporting clothes, books, etc.

Joe the world ranker, u live up to ur fame!
live up to
to do as well as or be as good as other people expect you to

I feel such a heppiness being in thi place, maybe I can forget about the detested reality.
detested
(SYNONYM loathe) to hate somebody/something very much

Are u singling hte injured person out?
singling out
to choose somebody/something from a group for special attention

What's worng Joe? Someone picked on u again?
picked on
to treat somebody unfairly, by blaming, criticizing or punishing them

In the real world, people behave inconsistently and contradict themselves.
inconsistently
in a way that changes too often and does not stay the same

This whole schtick where u're not even trying and thing turn out perfect.
schtick
a person's special talent, interest, or area of activity // a gimmick, comic routine, style of performance, etc. associated with a particular person
