We got all decked out for the occasion. 
decked out 
dressed in a very fancy way

My debts were reckoned at $12 000.
reckoned
to calculate an amount, a number, etc.

Being blamed for the eath of ur family, despite the slander, u stood up an pushe forward!
despite
(SYNONYM in spite of) used to show that something happened or is true although something else might have happened to prevent it

Why get hung up on appearances?
hung up on
to be extremely interested in or worried by a particular subject and spend an unreasonably large amount of time thinking about it

It ssems the depiction of this world has changed again, if I had to guess, now it's like a world of madness.
depiction
the act of showing somebody/something in a particular way in words or pictures, especially in a work of art

How can you stand by and see him accused of something he didn't do?
stand by
​to be present while something bad is happening but not do anything to stop it

I'm not one to sweat on small stuff.
sweat on small stuff
to worry about minor things

Got some pent up stress trere officer?
pent up
​(of feelings, energy, etc.) that cannot be expressed or released

U smell what I'm stepping in?
someone smell where anyone're stepping
understand the direction of somone thoughts.

That's something anyone can do! U're just a cog in the wheel!
cog in the wheel
one who holds a minor but necessary post in a large organization

Why are u in here laughing it up together?
up together
to move close together to form a tight group

No matter how shackled(= no freedom) my life is, I know that at any time, if I get the urge, I can put an end to it all.
shackled
restrain; limit

Has he chucked her?
chucked
to leave your boyfriend or girlfriend and stop having a relationship with him or her

They keep the suds flowing all night.
suds
beer

The army has been whipsawed by a shrinking budget and a growing pool of recruits.
whipsawed
subject to two difficult situations or opposing pressures at the same time

Famous people just love being pampered.
pampered 
indulge with every attention, comfort, and kindness; spoil.

Linen creases badly unless it is treated with the appropriate finish
treated
apply a process or a substance to (something) to protect or preserve it or to give it particular properties

the process is expected to take up to two years.
be up to
indicating a maximum amount

This creature usisng suppressed desired as sustenance, they fuse eith humans.
sustenance
the food and drink that people, animals and plants need to live and stay healthy
