He'll totally bug out on us if we go off-screipt.
bug out on us 
disturb, unsettle, or annoy someone

U were riled up enough to saunter on over.
saunter
(SYNONYM stroll) a slow relaxed walk

He's got this Gird heft(large waist) to him that resonates deep in my bones.
gird heft 
large waist / weight waist / strong waist

He makes up for it with a suplus of something else.
surplus 
more than what is needed or used; excess

We had to cart our luggage up six flights of stairs.
cart
to carry something that is large or heavy or difficult to carry

Then we'll pin our hopes on this exchange, captain.
pin someone hopes on 
(SYNONYM rely on) to hope very much for a good outcome from (something or someone) especially when other options are not available or are not pursued 

We'll be in a bind soon enough!
bind 
an annoying/bad situation that is often difficult to avoid

They just bounce off the man.
bounce 
it moves quickly away from a surface it has just hit or you make it do this

If we pull out now and slip free from their cluches.
pull out 
an act of taking an army away from a particular place; an act of taking an organization out of a system

He also became a great general and a Fire Dragon to boot(to rid of him).
boot 
to kick somebody/something hard with your foot

I'd heve been even more beside myself then u were 
beside myself
overcome with worry or anger; distraught

If we don't reel(= make 'em fall in our trap)'em deep into our strategy.
reel in
to wind something on/off a reel

Dawdling is what gets u casualties.
dawdling
​to take a long time to do something or go somewhere

If he's taking up(= chosing) the spear, Joe u find him a propre  teacher.
taking up 
become interested or engaged in a pursuit

The joe army's in tatters.
in tatters
destroyed; ruined

That smoke signals will sapped their morale.
sapped
to make something/somebody weaker; to destroy something gradually

I've gotten to where I can control the transformation pretty well.
where
in or to what place or situation

That's as trite and as lame as it gets, Joe.
trite
(SYNONYM banal)(of a remark, an opinion, etc.) boring because it has been expressed so many times before; not original

He's a plant-armed sob with the failure of a frenzied frog dwelling inside him.
sob
to cry noisily, taking sudden, sharp breaths

As of today I've been assigned to work here at the Buppa station.
as of today
from the beginning up until now
