I know how tough ur job is. So I just kept biting my tongue, thinking now isn't the right time to talk about this.
bite one's tongue
make a desperate effort to avoid saying something

Are u always such a party pooper?!
party pooper
a person who does not want to take part in a pleasant activity and stops other people from having fun

I'd always thought they were so dashing.
dashing
​(usually of a man) attractive and full of confidence

War can't trat so casualty, given the toll it took on Joe, he understood better than anyone.
given the toll
to have a serious, bad effect on someone or something

While Joe got all the blame and wound up shunned by the king.
shunned
to avoid somebody/something

He's not how he one was, fixated on the jeweled thrrone.
fixated
always thinking and talking about somebody/something in a way that is not reasonable

I hate these "joyous" events.
joyous
(SYNONYM joyful) ​very happy; causing people to be happy

I need get laid!
get laid
have sex

This woman, high off(= enthusiasm) her wedding.
high off
intoxicated with it

The smell of a girl's room, I'm up in the clouds
up in the cloud
in a condition of absent-mindedness; lost in reverie

I've been telling u from the start u had to(= had to do).
had to
used to show somebody’s attitude or reaction to something

Some celebration this turned out to be, grandmother.
turned out 
prove to be the case

Plunge the city into a storm of the grat rejoicing.
plunge 
suddenly bring into a specified condition or state

The plan's a tad complex but I trust u can handle it;
tad 
by a very small amount

We must deploy a punitive force at once to nip this in the bud.
nip this in the bud 
to stop (something) immediately so that it does not become a worse problem

They'll be happy as clams!
clams
a shellfish that can be eaten. It has a shell in two parts that can open and close

I still have some run in me (= I can keep running)!
run
an act of running; a period of time spent running or the distance that somebody runs

But with Joe's party losing steam.
losing steam
to lose strength, force, or energy

They need u lot to pad the ranks(= fill the ranks gaps), that's all.
pad 
to put a layer of soft material in or on something in order to protect it, make it thicker or change its shape

Good! Off to a great start!
off to a great start
successful in the early stages of doing something
