
Just how lais back can u guys be?
laid back 
relaxed and easygoing.

Little ol' me = An affectedly cute way of referring to oneself, typically used to feign self-deprecation.
fair share = (more than) an amount of something that is considered to be reasonable or acceptable
numbskull
a change of heart

We've had a change of heart on that matter.
a change of heart
a move to a different opinion or attitude // your attitude towards something changes, usually making you feel more friendly, helpful, etc.

Let little ol'me take the reins.
Little ol' me
An affectedly cute way of referring to oneself, typically used to feign self-deprecation.

Ur bis sis here has already had more than her fair share fun in her teens and twenties!
fair share 
(more than) an amount of something that is considered to be reasonable or acceptable

Unbeknownst to the people the kingdom know as Lulusia was erased from the map only six days prior.
unbeknownst
without the person mentioned knowing

She just flat-out hated me.
flat-out
in a way that is definite and direct; completely

The big dude at the bar said he would cream me if I so much as looked at his girlfriend again.
cream somebody
to strike or assault someone.

U're always fawning over her!
fawning
to try to please somebody by praising them or paying them too much attention

How can the loser still have carry such a condescending tone?
condescending
​behaving as though you are more important and more intelligent than other people

Let me stain u in my rhapsody friendship.
rhapsody
a piece of music that is full of feeling and is not regular in form

U won't achieve anything if u're that overreliant on ur ego!
overreliant
excessive dependence on or trust in someone or something

Insufferable pride
(SYNONYM unbearable) extremely annoying, unpleasant and difficult to bear

Neither side is prepared to compromise.
compromise
to give up some of your demands in order to reach an agreement after disagreeing with somebody

If they won't become one of us perhaps it's time for them to become ur fodder.
fodder 
food for horses and farm animals
