The onset of winter.
onset
​the beginning of something, especially something unpleasant

We always eat turkey on Thanksgiving.
thanksgiving
a public holiday in the US (on the fourth Thursday in November) and in Canada (on the second Monday in October), originally to give thanks to God for the harvest and for health

I was wearing a cup(= I was exhausting ).    
wearing 
(SYNONYM exhausting) ​that makes you feel very tired mentally or physically

The statue's currently surrounded by scaffolding.
scaffolding
poles and boards that are joined together to make a structure for workers to stand on when they are working high up on the outside wall of a building

He'll never sell out his friends.
sellout
a person who betrays a cause, organization, or the like; traitor. Informal. a person who compromises his or her personal values, integrity, talent, or the like, for money or personal advancement

She felt herself slip into unconsciousness.
slips into
to gradually start to be in a bad state or situation

There were scores of boxes and crates, all waiting to be checked and loaded.
scores 
very many

Several cabs and a score of cars were parked outside.
score
a set or group of 20 or approximately 20

At that time the industry was floundering.
flounder
to have a lot of problems and to be in danger of failing completely

She preached to the congregation about forgiveness.
preach
to give a religious talk in a public place, especially in a church during a service


Patrick looked a husky, strong guy.
husky
with a large, strong body /strong; hefty

The birds' nests are lined with tightly packed leaves.
packed
pressed closely together

I'm sorry, I didn't mean to preach.
preach
to give somebody advice on moral standards, behaviour, etc., especially in a way that they find annoying or boring

Some people add a little brandy to the recipe but I feel this is gilding the lily.
gilding the lily
​to cause something to be less good or beautiful than it already is by trying to improve it

Power-hungry processors.
power-hungry
(of a device) using or requiring a lot of electrical power.
