

19/5/2023

Factory waste and chemical runoff can pollute nearby rivers, causing harm to aquatic life and ecosystems.
pollute /pəˈlut/
(SYNONYM contaminate) to introduce harmful substances or pollutants into the environment, often resulting in damage to the air, water, or soil

The injured bird was flopping around on the ground, unable to fly due to its broken wing.
flopping around /ˈflɑːpɪŋ əˈraʊnd/
(SYNONYM flailing) to move or thrash about in an uncontrolled manner, often indicating a lack of coordination or inability to maintain stability

The rocket's liftoff was a spectacular sight as it propelled into the sky, leaving a trail of smoke behind.
liftoff /ˈlɪftɔːf/
(SYNONYM launch) the moment when a spacecraft or rocket leaves the ground and begins its ascent into the air or outer space

The criminal attempted to use a shakedown tactic to extort money from unsuspecting victims, threatening them with harm or revealing damaging information.
shakedown /ˈʃeɪkdaʊn/
(SYNONYM extortion) an act of coercing or pressuring someone into giving money, valuables, or favors through threats or intimidation

The dishonest salesman tried to rip off customers by overcharging for low-quality products, deceiving them and taking advantage of their trust.
rip off /rɪp ɔːf/
(SYNONYM swindle) to deceive or cheat someone by overcharging, providing substandard goods or services, or engaging in fraudulent practices

In case of emergencies, it's always a good idea to have a go bag prepared, containing essential items like food, water, and first aid supplies.
go bag /ɡoʊ bæɡ/
(SYNONYM emergency kit) a bag or backpack filled with necessary supplies and provisions to grab quickly in preparation for emergencies or unexpected situations

After consuming several alcoholic drinks, he became inebriated and was no longer able to walk or speak coherently.
inebriated /ɪnˈɛbriˌeɪtɪd/
(SYNONYM intoxicated) to be under the influence of alcohol or drugs, often resulting in impaired judgment, loss of coordination, and altered behavior

The situation started to get off hand when the heated argument turned into a physical altercation.
get off hand /ɡɛt ɔːf hænd/
(SYNONYM escalate) to become out of control or more intense, often referring to a situation or conflict that becomes more violent or chaotic

She didn't have the wherewithal to afford the expensive car, lacking the financial resources or means to make such a purchase.
wherewithal /ˌwɛr.wɪðˈɔːl/
(SYNONYM resources) the necessary means, resources, or capabilities required to achieve a particular purpose or goal

Winning the lottery was purely blind luck, as she had randomly chosen the winning numbers without any strategy or prediction.
blind luck /blaɪnd lʌk/
(SYNONYM chance) an occurrence or outcome that is entirely dependent on luck, without any predictable or controllable factors

She couldn't help but covet her friend's luxurious new car, longing to possess something similar.
covet /ˈkʌvɪt/
(SYNONYM desire) to strongly desire or want something that belongs to someone else, often associated with envy or longing

The gruesome scene in the horror movie showed a monster disemboweling its victim, resulting in a chilling and graphic display.
disemboweling /ˌdɪsɪmˈbaʊəlin/
(SYNONYM eviscerate) to remove the internal organs, especially from the abdomen, often resulting in severe injury or death

He was hell-bent on winning the competition and would stop at nothing to achieve his goal.
hell-bent /ˌhɛlˈbɛnt/
(SYNONYM determined) extremely determined and uncompromising in pursuing a particular objective or outcome, often to the point of obsession or recklessness

The vines entwined around the trellis, creating a beautiful and natural decoration.
entwined /ɪnˈtwaɪnd/
(SYNONYM intertwine) to twist or coil together, often referring to plants, vines, or objects that interlace or interweave with one another

You're welcome to come over and have dinner on my house tonight.
on my house /ɒn, maɪ, haʊs/
(SYNONYM complimentary) used to indicate that something is provided or paid for by the speaker as a gesture of hospitality or generosity

When faced with difficult circumstances, she resorted to adopting a positive mindset to overcome challenges and find solutions.
resorted /rɪˈzɔːtɪd/
(SYNONYM adopting) to turn to or adopt a particular course of action or behavior, often as a response to a situation or problem



pollute
flopping around 
liftoff
shakedown = extortion
rip off = swindle
go bag
inebriated
get off hand
wherewithal
blind luck 
covet 
disembowel
hell-bent
entwine
on my house
resorting = adopt
