This kid, sticking on like a leech even though he knew this was coming.
sticking
to fix something to something else, usually with a sticky substance; to become fixed to something in this way

Tyler found a leech stuck to his leg after he waded in the pond.
leech
​a small worm that usually lives in water and that attaches itself to other creatures and drinks their blood. Leeches were used in the past by doctors to remove blood from sick people

Ah sorry for being so upfront. Let's do some introductions first.
upfront
(SYNONYM honest, frank) not trying to hide what you think or do

We will email the receipt to you.
receipt /rɪˈsiːt/
a piece of paper or an electronic document that shows that goods or services have been paid for

I've been slogging around the streets of London all day.
slogging
to walk or travel somewhere steadily, with great effort or difficulty

I can't think what came over me (= I do not know what caused me to behave in that way).
come over sb
to affect somebody

Phil broke into the discussion.
broke into
interrupt a conversation

Are they rehearsing for some play?
rehearsing 
practice (a play, piece of music, or other work) for later public performance.

The government can't simply sit idly by.
idly by
to see something bad happening without trying to prevent it

This situation might become a large thorn in our side.
a thorn in somebody’s flesh/side
a person or thing that repeatedly annoys somebody or stops them from doing something

U crazy? when u're still laid up, what do u think u're doing in this place?
lay up
if somebody is laid up, they are unable to work, etc. because of an illness or injury

First off u'll learn five basic foot techniques.
first off
if somebody is laid up, they are unable to work, etc. because of an illness or injury

U guys out me in the hospital and then go  jaunt off somewhere?
jaunt off
to go on a short journey for pleasure

The discussion started off mildly enough.
start off
to begin happening; to begin doing something

Why's Sara so peeved now?
peeved
annoyed

Let's start off with some gentle exercises.
start off
to begin by doing or being something

Shit they caught uo so fast! Stop worrying lika a pansy ans just keep driving!
pansy
an offensive word for a gay man

The whole city is going apeshit trynna capture that kid!
apeshit
​to become extremely angry or excited

Can you wipe the muck off the windows?
muck
dirt or mud

The rain's letting up now.
let up 
to become less strong
