I'm the spear. The linchpin of out plan.
linchpin
a person or thing that is the most important part of an organization, a plan, etc., because everything else depends on them or it

Canals yielded to the railways for transporting goods.
yiled to
to be replaced by something

He's been having trouble keeping up with his monthly mortgage repayments.
mortgage 
a legal agreement by which a bank or similar organization lends you money to buy a house, etc., and you pay the money back over a particular number of years; the sum of money that you borrow

Sara'sa swordsman with a famous face, so life on the lam would be a tall order.
on the lam
scaping from somebody, especially from the police

I'll arrange things, so you just pay a visit to this one nunnery.
nunnery 
a convent (= a building in which a Christian community of nuns live together) 

U need start getting ur act together.
get one's act together
organize oneself in the manner required in order to achieve something

What do u mean u didn't know! U  ringed up every single girl.
ring up
call someone by phone

If I blurt out Sara's name now, he doesn't realize what would happen.
blurt out
to say something unexpectedly, often at an inopportune time or with the wrong audience (as of a private or secret matter). A noun or pronoun can be used between "blurt" and "out."

Someone threw something from the roof and my car is totaled.
totaled
to damage a car very badly, so that it is not worth repairing it

I didn't pull any punches. I told her exactly what I thought of her.
pull one's punches 
to hold back in one's criticism (Usually in the negative. The one's can be replaced with any in the negative.)

I can't eat this muck!
muck
something very unpleasant

How u dare to stand me up?
stand up
fail to meet someone for a date without informing them beforehand

He broke into a fit of choking laughter.
broke into
suddenly or unexpectedly burst into laughter or song

How dare you—I have never pulled my punches during a fight in my entire career!
pull one's punches 
to act as if one is punching someone, without making any or much physical contact

He's the one called who's called sucessor, so it's a given that they are gonna crowd over there.
it's a given
there are no ifs or ands ot buts about something; it's a sure thing

Looks like all the male teachers are swooning over her.
swoon 
to feel very excited, emotional, etc. about somebody that you think is sexually attractive

This school's Mr.Lee is part of the enforcement coalition.
enforcement
the act of making people obey a particular law or rule

I wonder if this weariness will subside when I meet him?
weariness
extreme tiredness; fatigue

Don't u have any awareness at all? 
awareness
interest in and concern about a particular situation or area of interest

Get over to rest area on the Tokyo interchange, now.
get over
to go to some place
