The outfit was topped off with a large black hat.
top off
to complete something successfully by doing or adding one final thing

She lays great stress on punctuality.
stress
special importance given to something

A conceptual model.
conceptual
​related to or based on ideas

The crowd pressed up against the stage.
up against
close to or in contact with.

To trim your hair.
trim
to make something neater, smaller, better, etc., by cutting parts from it

My first part was Captain O'Hagarty, a dastardly villain in a children's play.
dastardly
​evil and cruel

She wrote a play for the students to perform.
play
a piece of writing performed by actors in a theatre or on television or radio

From the plane, the landscape was just a patchwork of fields.
patchwork
a thing that is made up of many different pieces or parts

Everyone marvelled at his courage.
marvelled
to be very surprised or impressed by something

Emergency teams are still clearing the debris from the plane crash.
debris
pieces of wood, metal, building materials, etc. that are left after something has been destroyed

A private company is responsible for maintaining the waterworks.
waterworks
the organs of the body through which urine (= waste water) is passed

Kids who turn on the waterworks when they want attention.
turn on the waterworks
to start crying especially in order to get sympathy from someone

A not long time ago, I spoke with Joe when he was going in to receive his probational training.
probational
connected with a time of training and testing when you start a new job to see if you are suitable for the work

I've been worried that they've been slowly encroach on the territory og the Phantom Kinights.
encroach on
to approach or cross a literal or figurative boundary

Isn't it 'cuz of that girl that u were so adamant on coming back to school?
adamant
​determined not to change your mind or to be persuaded about something

Like poles repel each other.
repel
if one thing repels another, or if two things repel each other, an electrical or magnetic force pushes them apart

I did 20 reps of each exercise.
rep
a single short physical exercise that is performed multiple times without a break

He has made himself appear a poodle of the Prime Minister.
poodle
a person who is too willing to do what somebody else tells them to do

The single European currency.
currency 
the system of money that a country uses

I was repelled by the smell.
repelled
(SYNONYM disgust, repulse) to make somebody feel horror or disgust
