His teachers are full of praise for the progress he's making.
praise
words that show that you approve of and admire somebody/something

The ship's already set to sail, no mortal machinations can stop this.
machination
(SYNONYM plot, intrigue) ​a secret and complicated plan

All the interlopers must've been eliminated.
interlopers
(SYNONYM intruder) ​a person who is present in a place or a situation where they do not belong or are not wanted

She'd have framed our exploitation as noble self-sacrifice.
exploitation
a situation in which somebody treats somebody else in an unfair way, especially in order to make money from their work

He says he was framed.
frame
(SYNONYM fit up) to produce false evidence against an innocent person so that people think they are guilty

A friend of mine had his car broken into.
broken into
enter or open a place, vehicle, or container forcibly, especially for the purposes of theft

Love makes humans petty and cruel, full of arrogance, lacking in decorum.
decorum
(SYNONYM propriety) polite behaviour that is appropriate in a social situation

At this moment Joe's willing to lose everything, if it means holding on to that.
willing
not objecting to doing something; having no reason for not doing something

The answer's not gonna just come to us, so instead ponder that question while we hightail it!
hightail it
to leave somewhere very quickly

That's little girl's carved open a path for us
carved a path
to cut (something) into pieces

Only this clan grats me a heaven for my offbeat proclivities.
proclivities
a natural desire or need that makes you tend to do something, often something bad

This elixir from this den of devils, I sense an unearthly energy from it.
unearthly
​very strange; not natural and therefore frightening

Seening ur mug put me in a mood to slice and dice, but I ain't here to fight.
mug
a person’s face

I toured the provinces, crossing blades witl all comers, but at some point, humans just didn't scratch the itch anymore.
toured
​to travel around a place, for example on holiday, or to perform, to advertise something, etc

Unruly rabble.
rabble
(SYNONYM mob) a large group of noisy people who are or may become violent

He refused to yield up his gun.
yiled up
(SYNONYM surrender) to allow somebody to win, have or take control of something that has been yours until now

Sara's Ki is fat too powerful, given  the gulf between us , our attacks wouldn't  even scratch her.
gulf
a large difference between two people or groups in the way that they think, live or feel

After a long siege, the town was forced to yield.
yield
(SYNONYM give way) to stop resisting something/somebody; to agree to do something that you do not want to do

U shattered my resolve and dragged me back toward doubt.
shattered 
to suddenly break into small pieces; to make something suddenly break into small pieces

He came over well in the interview.
come over
to make a particular impression
