What're u guffawaing about?
guffawing
to laugh noisily

Why's Joe always inscrutable?
inscrutable
(especially of a person's expression) impossible to understand or interpret

That info we got was kinda iffy!
iffy
not certain

I can't condone the execution of an innocent.
condone
to accept behaviour that is morally wrong or to treat it as if it were not serious

I couldn't pay back that debt dutifully.
dutifully
(SYNONYM obediently) ​doing everything that you are expected to do; in a way that shows respect

She gazed into the murky depths of the water.
murky
(of a liquid) not clear; dark or dirty with mud or another substance

We also have ur ninja persuers to contend with.
to contend with
to deal with (something difficult or unpleasant) 

I haven't the leeway to assist Joe.
leeway
(SYNONYM latitude) the amount of freedom that you have to change something or to do something in the way you want to

Sara knows more ninjutsu moves than me, so chipping away won't work.
chipping away 
gradually and relentlessly make something smaller or weaker.

I lived a murky facsimile of life.
facsimile
an exact copy of something

We endure or die. In this way, th children are screened.
screened
check on or investigate (someone), typically to ascertain whether they are suitable for or can be trusted in a particular situation or job

He had a somewhat murky past.
murky
(of people’s actions or character) not clearly known and suspected of not being honest

U're  way more straitlaced than u seemed back home.
straitlaced
​having strict or old-fashioned ideas about people’s moral behaviour

U were pure danger. An ephemeral being, barely tethered to our mortal plane.
tethered
to tie an animal to a post so that it cannot move very far

I couldn't see the value of her struggle, seemed like meaningless drudgery to me.
drudgery
hard boring work

This was an effective ploy.
ploy
(SYNONYM manoeuvre) ​words or actions that are carefully planned to get an advantage over somebody else

Grind down the opponent's will to fight with sheer brutality.
grind down
gradually reduce someone's confidence or strength, especially by harsh or oppressive treatment

Joe only wanted a speck of praise.
speck
​a very small spot; a small piece of dirt, etc.

Why don't you come over to England in the summer?
come over (to/from)
to travel from one place to another, usually over a long distance

She was singled out for criticism.
singled out
​to choose somebody/something from a group for special attention
