Rest assured, it'll be something you're never seen before.
rest assured
to be certain that something will happen

A jar full of nuts and bolts.
nuts
a small piece of metal with a hole through the centre that is screwed onto a bolt to hold pieces of wood, parts of machines, etc. together

The nuts weren't properly tightened and the wheel came off.
tightens 
to hold or fix something more securely in position; to make something or become more difficult to move, open or separate

She felt guilty now and a little uneasy
uneasy 
causing or feeling anxiety; troubled or uncomfortable.

Their marriage has broken up.
break up
to come to an end

I'm gonna receive you.
receive
to get or accept something that is sent or given to you

The show barely covered its costs.
covers /ˈkʌvər/
to be or provide enough money for something

What crow said id correct we should set off at once.
set off
to begin a journey

Please note the change of venue for this event.
venue 
a place where people meet for an organized event, for example a concert, sporting event or conference

Computers are being used to sift the information.
sift
to examine something very carefully in order to decide what is important or useful or to find something important

The price includes the hire of the hall.
hire /ˈhaɪər/
the act of paying to use something for a short time

I'm deeply moved.
deep moved
If you are deeply moved it means that something made you emotional. It's often used in response to an act of kindness or something innocent & sweet. You can also just say “moved.” Something that stirs up or “moves” your emotions. 

Preemptive strike are the most important  in fighting!
preemptive
​done to stop somebody taking action, especially action that will be harmful to yourself

Preemptive strike are the most important  in fighting! One you get the knack of it one finger  will be enough to win.
get the knack of something
To learn how to do something competently or well after a certain period of practice or development.

Let me throw this into the pond.
pond
a small area of still water, especially one that is artificial
