Wait! If this continues, won't i be labeled as a guy who only kisses other men!?
label
to fix a label(a word or phrase that is used to describe somebody/something in a way that seems too general, unfair or not correct) on something or write information on something

Rachel, wht are you cruelly toying with my feeling?
toy with
to consider an idea or a plan, but not very seriously and not for a long time

My first parachute jump was an exhilarating experience.
exhilarating
very exciting and great fun

The work was carried out as per instructions.
carry out
to do and complete a task

Use a low-fat spread instead of butter.
spread
a soft food that you put on bread

‘How will you manage without me?’ ‘Don't flatter yourself.’
flatter
to choose to believe something good about yourself and your abilities, especially when other people do not share this opinion

Young people often find danger rather exhilarating.
rather
used to mean ‘fairly’ or ‘to some degree’, often when you are disappointed, surprised or expressing slight criticism

As per your instructions I went to do some research, and I discovered some very interesting information.
as per something
​following something that has been decided

We're currently taking steps to secure funding for the project before we announce it to the public.
take steps
To do what is necessary to prepare for or begin doing something

We’re not hiring right now.
hire /ˈhaɪər/
to give somebody a job

I went a little overboard.
go overboard
o be too excited or enthusiastic about something or about doing something

He threw all his old friends overboard once he was promoted.
throw somebody/something overboard
to get rid of somebody/something that you think is not useful

Something up?
something up
something unusual or undesirable is happening

It'll be found to be unacceptable when carefully examined.
find
to have a particular feeling or opinion about something

The plan won't bear close inspection
not bear
not bear to not be suitable for something
