When the meeting wound up
wind up
To come or bring to a finish; end

I knew I wouldn't win the marathon, but I still went for it with everything I had.
go for it
To put forth the necessary effort or energy to do or pursue something, especially in the face of any doubt or trepidation. Often used as words of encouragement.

This century wrought major changes in our society.
wrought
caused something to happen, especially a change

Plans are afoot for a festival.
afoot
in preparation or progress; happening or beginning to happen

A climber was killed when he plummeted 300 feet down an icy gully.
plummet
fall or drop straight down at high speed.

His resignation was perceived as an act of treachery.
treachery
betrayal of trust; deceptive action or nature.

What can we do to make the museum more user-friendly?
user-friendly
easy for people who are not experts to use or understand

He undertook to finish the job by Friday.
undertake
to agree or promise that you will do something

We've picked up a distress signal
pick up
detect or receive a signal or sound, especially by means of electronic apparatus

We set out to create the most elegant and user-friendly smartphone ever made, and I think we did it.
set out to do something
To begin to undertake a task; to attempt or intend to do something

Did you lock the door?
locked /lɒk/
to fasten something with a lock; to be fastened with a lock

So they’ve locked me out of the house? Very droll, I’m sure!
droll
funny, but not in a way that you expect

Motorists regularly flout the law.
flouted 
to show that you have no respect for a law, etc. by openly not obeying it

She's a young woman who enjoys flouting conventions.
convention 
the way in which something is done that most people in a society expect and consider to be polite or the right way to do it

The tradition of ancestor worship stretches back thousands of years
worship
the practice of showing respect for God or a god, by saying prayers, singing with others, etc.; a ceremony for this
