

I mena, my broter wasn't a looser. He just has a way of getting back as people who mess with him.
mess with
(usually used in negative sentences) to get involved with somebody/something that may be harmful



you're not supposed to just wander up here like this.
supposed to
to be expected or required to do/be something according to a rule, a custom, an arrangement, etc.


we'll put out the fire on the floor with extinguishers.
put out
extinguish something that is burning.

the monsters wanna survive just as badly as we do.
as badly as
as much as has been suggested // the phrases means they(monsters) wanna live too.

it's the world's fault for wearing you down in the first place.
wear down /wer, daʊn/
to make somebody/something weaker or less determined, especially by continuously attacking or putting pressure on them or it over a period of time


jumped into the river in which or son fell and was swept away! he dead
swept /swept/
to move or push somebody/something suddenly and with a lot of force

if we get over half of them.
get over
chega mais da metade 

how much longer is Joe goona take?
take /teɪk/
to need or require a particular amount of time


Can he get it done before we run out of food?
get /ɡet/
to cause something to happen or be done

We're basically down to eating crumbs at this point.
crumbs
​a very small piece of food, especially of bread or cake, that has fallen off a larger piece

We could stretch it out for a week if we really try.
stretch out
To prolong the duration of something . A noun or pronoun can be used between "stretch" and "out."


he's got us this far after all.
get /ɡet/
to go to a place and bring somebody/something back

I got carried away and started shouting at the television. You're getting carried away.
be/ get carried away
to get very excited or lose control of your feelings


Nothing beats home cooking. It sure beats the security guard's office huh ?
beat /biːt/
to do or be better than something


They give off a jamming signal when they're sleeping.
give off


mess with
supposed to
put out
as badly as
wear down
swept
get over
take
get
crumbs
stretch out
get
be carried away
beat 
give off