Piles of books and newspapers littered the floor.
littered 
to be spread around a place, making it look untidy

Don't expect to have me at your beck and call.
at sb’s beck and call
always ready to obey somebody’s orders

Your essay is littered with spelling mistakes.
littered
be littered with something to contain or involve a lot of a particular type of thing, usually something bad

Joe from today on u are my gopher!
gopher
a person who runs errands, especially on a movie set or in an office.

There's no need for u to mull over. He deserve to die.
mull over
(SYNONYM consider) to spend time thinking carefully about a plan or proposal

I'm not shrewd like Sara.
shrewd
(SYNONYM astute) clever at understanding and making judgements about a situation

Since threy're the youngest, they both got coddle, and carried all their flaws woth them!
coddle
to treat somebody with too much care and attention

A den of iniquity.
iniquity
​the fact of being very unfair or wrong; something that is very unfair or wrong

I can't condone murder!
condone
to accept behaviour that is morally wrong or to treat it as if it were not serious

I don't really know how, but thiss conflict with Joe will end in a compromise
compromise
an agreement made between two people or groups in which each side gives up some of the things they want so that both sides are happy at the end

We don't pick fights we know we'll win.
know
to have information in your mind as a result of experience or because you have learned or been told it 

Joe's gonna sic all these guys on us when were already beaten and bloody?
sic
to attack somebody

A game plan designated to cruch me as soon as they nicked the ball off me and went on the counter.
nick off 
to go away : depart

We must consider all possible contingencies.
contingency
(SYNONYM possibility)​an event that may or may not happen; the fact that events are not certain

Stop with that miserable look. it's fucking unbecoming of u.
unbecoming
(SYNONYM unflattering) ​not suiting a particular person

They were so in synchrony it's not something u can ad lib off the fly.
ad lib
spoken or performed without previous preparation.
