A team with a myriad of contingecy plans on both offesnse and defense.
myriad
​extremely large in number

His deep shot was caught on the fly.
off/on the fly
while in motion or progress

To be candid, I can’t stand her.
candid
​saying what you think openly and honestly; not hiding your thoughts

He sat nursing his cup of coffee.
nurse something 
to hold a drink for a long time, drinking it slowly

A linen tablecloth.
linen
a type of cloth made from flax, used to make high-quality clothes, sheets, etc.

A shirt made of crease-resistant material.
creases     
​an untidy line that is made in cloth or paper when it is pressed or folded without care

The lioness is still nursing her cubs.
nurse
(SYNONYM suckle)(of a woman or female animal) to feed a baby with milk from the breast
 
This move could be seriously detrimental to the economy.
detrimental
(SYNONYM damaging) harmful

They achieved their demands without having to resort to force.
resort to
(SYNONYM recourse) ​to make use of something, especially something bad, as a means of achieving something, often because there is no other possible solution

A chilling story
chilling 
​frightening, usually because it is connected with something violent or cruel

He threw her a towel which she deftly caught.
deftly 
​with movements that are quick and show skill

A youth became involved in an altercation with a police officer over a parking ticket.
altercation
a noisy argument or disagreement

It's time you forked over what you owe.
forked over
hand over, pay up

Financial problems are plaguing the company.
plaguing
(SYNONYM trouble) to cause pain or trouble to somebody/something over a period of time

Rock stars have to get used to being plagued by autograph hunters.
plagued 
(SYNONYM hound) to annoy somebody or create problems, especially by asking for something, demanding attention, etc.

This discovery was perceived as a major breakthrough.
perceived
(SYNONYM see) to understand or think of somebody/something in a particular way