This teacher is sketchier then the students.
sketchier
(SYNONYM rough) ​not complete or detailed and therefore not very useful

The thought of it makes me heave.
heave
(SYNONYM retch) to experience the tight feeling in your stomach that you get before you vomit

A tick bite.
tick
a very small creature that bites humans and animals and drinks their blood. There are several types of tick, some of which can carry diseases.

The players stated that just before getting sick they heard strange noises and voices.
stated
to formally write or say something, especially in a careful and clear way

The house is haunted by a lingering spirit!
lingering
to continue to exist for longer than expected

I felt chained to the kitchen sink (= I had to spend all my time doing jobs in the house).
sink
a large open container in a kitchen that has taps to supply water and that you use for washing dishes in

She lingered for a few minutes to talk to Nick.
lingered
to stay somewhere for longer because you do not want to leave; to spend a long time doing something

If he doesn't shape up, he'll soon be out of a job.
shape up
to improve your behaviour, work harder, etc.

We Jujutsu sorcerers wouldn't even be able to destroy his remains preserved in their own grave wax.
grave wax 
a waxlike fatty substance formed during the decomposition of corpses

Her breathing was erratic.
erratic
not even or regular in pattern or movement; unpredictable.

Skiers traversing the slopes.
traverse
to cross an area of land or water

The mayor will lay the cornerstone for the new fire station tomorrow.
cornerstone
building

She thrust past him angrily and left.
thrust 
to push something/somebody suddenly or violently in a particular direction; to move quickly and suddenly in a particular direction

A puppet show.
puppet 
a model of a person or an animal that can be made to move, for example by pulling strings attached to parts of its body or by putting your hand inside it. A puppet with strings is also called a marionette.

This guy's just little tougher and duller compared ot other humans.
duller
(SYNONYM dreary) (comparative duller, superlative dullest) not interesting or exciting
