She had endowed Marcus with the qualities she wanted him to possess.
endowed with 
​to believe or imagine that somebody/something has a particular quality

To endow somebody with a responsibility.
endowed with
​to give something to somebody/something

Don't get in my way and force me to veer off course.
veer off something 
to begin to go in the wrong direction

Liz is my ride or die—I can totally count on her to be there for me in any situation.
ride or die
one's closest, most reliable or trustworthy friends.

Even spinning my shortcomings in a positive light.
spinning sth 
to present information or a situation in a particular way, especially one that makes you or your ideas seem good

He is so forthright about his shortcomings, it's hard to chastise him.
shortcomings
a fault or failure to meet a certain standard, typically in a person's character, a plan, or a system.

There are three essentially different ways of tackling the problem.
essentially
(SYNONYM basically, fundamentally) ​when you think about the true, important or basic nature of somebody/something

Innate techniques passed down through the generations have the advantage of how-to manuals.
manuals
a book that tells you how to do or operate something, especially one that comes with a machine, etc. when you buy it

We must raise the level of research and weed out the poorest work
weed out
remove an inferior or unwanted component of a group or collection.

We had ordered suits at great expense.
expense
the cost required for something; the money spent on something.

I'll build a new sovereign state!
sovereign state
a state that has the highest authority over a territory

Old isn't what it's cracked up to be.
cracked up to be
it is not as good as other people have said it is

If the body is refreshed, then the cursed technique will follow suit.
follow suit 
conform to another's actions

Is it seriously? A guy like u using bangs?
bangs
the front part of somebody’s hair that is cut so that it hangs over their forehead

The first question is a cinch.
cinch
(SYNONYM doddle) ​something that is very easy

