U're gonna be in for a word of hurt, old man.
in a world of hurt
(SYNONYM trouble ) suffering pain

His dark eyes devoured her beauty.
devoured
​to read or look at something with great interest and enthusiasm

The election result marked the eclipse of the right wing.
eclipse
a loss of importance, power, etc. especially because somebody/something else has become more important, powerful, etc.

Don't scoff—she's absolutely right.
scoff
(SYNONYM mock) to talk about somebody/something in a way that makes it clear that you think they are stupid or silly

The record holder for consecutive Black Flash as told by Joe was 4 times.
told by
To be able to discern or identify someone or something by some trait, characteristic, aspect, etc.

I could tell by the style of film that I would really like it.
tell by 
To be able to discern or identify someone or something by some trait, characteristic, aspect, etc.

4 to the power of 3 is 43 (= 4 × 4 × 4 = 64).
power
he number of times that an amount is to be multiplied by itself

Hundreds of people today defied the ban on political gatherings.
defied
to refuse to obey or show respect for somebody in authority, a law, a rule, etc.

Menial jobs.
menial
​(of work) not considered important; not needing special skills and often boring or badly paid

Bereft of ideas.
bereft
completely without something; having lost something

She thoroughly despised him for his weakness.
despised
to dislike and have no respect for somebody/something

We really need a new heater, but the landlord’s such a cheapskate we’ll never get it.
cheapskate
​a person who does not like to spend money

The reforms are designed to encourage entrepreneurship and promote business and investment.
entrepreneurship 
​the activity of making money by starting or running businesses, especially when this involves taking financial risks; the ability to do this

She was endowed with intelligence and wit.
be endowed with something
​(formal) to naturally have a particular feature, quality, etc.

He displayed the true grit of the navy pilot
grit
courage and resolve; strength of character.

