Yesterday was a nice day, it was warm and sunny.

It's too crowded here today.

Man I wanna buy a cat, but it'd need to much of my time to take care of it.

How old are ur children?

They're having breakfast.

Unit 5 .... 

It flies.

He sleeps 7 seven hours a night.

Water boils at 100 degrees Celsius.

Banks usually open at 9:00  in the morning.

Mike doesn't have a car.

Lara and Joe like classic music.

Does it snow here in the winter?

how much does it cost to call Mexico.

Does it rain a lot where u live? y,I does.

Unit 8 pag 27. 

how much money do we have?2


has your mother got a new job?

does your father go home tonight?

do u have a pet?

Unit 12 pag 35. simple past

I went to the mall yesterday it was raining,
did you go to the mall yesterday?

did you call me yesterday?
no, I didn't.

I eat too much at the party yesterday.
I didn't eat too much at the party yesterday.

How did u do that?

Unit 13 past continuous pg 37

It was raining, when I went to the mall yesterday.

What were u doing when I called u yesterday?

Were u watching TV when I called u?


What were u doing at 4:00pm yesterday?
I was studying!

I was working at the restaurant during this time.

I didn't go home yesterday.


Emily broke her arm last weekend it happened when she was painting her room. 
She fell off from the ladder.

the train arrived at the station, and Adriana got off, Two friends of hers, 
Jon and Ana were waiting to meet her.

yesterday sue was walking down the street she met James.
He was going to the station to catch a train, and he was carrying a bag.
They stopped to talk for a few minutes.

I was playing games when thunder stroke a tree in front of  my room.

yesterday, I was studying when my cat came into my room wanting to play with me, cuz I have a lot work to do I couldn't play.

I said to my mother if she continued to be too soft with Sara, Sara will become too spoiled.

did eric call u this morning?
yes, he called while I was having breakfast.

how fast were u driving when the police stopped u?
I not sure, but I wasn't driving too fast.

how did u brake the window
we were playing baseball. I hit the ball and it broke the window.

what were u doing at 2:00 this morning?

That history he told us doesn't add up.

why did u do that?
cuz I'was very angry about what u said to me.

I was driving when a guy jumped in front of my car.

I didn't expect this to happen.

I thought we would be late, so we would have to take the train.

yesterday, my mommy was trying to teach my cousin the vowels, when I started a annoy my cousin when she got it wrong.

In my way to pet store to buy cat food I saw a kitten playing with a fallen leaf.

I was just playing clash of clan when the alert start ringing 
to remember to me that I need to dress up to go to the hospital take my tests.

come on man! let's go to the party will be nice.


Unit 15 pag 41 

I used to listen music to work. 

I didn't usually go to work by car.

Do u have a ca? I used to have one, but I sold it.

where did u use to work before came to this company.

Unit 16 pag 43

she has done a lot of interesting things

she's been married three times
she's written 10 books 
she's traveled all over the world
she's met a lot of interesting people. 
i've had cat my whole life

has you back still pain ?

my: My has pain the whole day, since the party yesterday
chatgpt: my back has been in pain all day since the party yesterday.