Your pace of breathing has increased, hasn't it?
pace
the speed at which something happens

it's steaming up between my breast
steam up
to become, or to make something become, covered with steam(the hot gas that water changes into when it boils)

I'm worried. It's been so long that I might fall behind
fall behind
​to fail to keep level with somebody/something // fail to keep up with one's competitors

A low-calorie dressing.
dressing
​(also salad dressing) a thin sauce added to salads, usually made from oil, vinegar, salt, pepper, etc.

I'm sure the race was fixed.
fix
to arrange the result of something in a way that is not honest or fair

We simply can't afford to take any risks.
afford
(usually used with can or could, especially in negative sentences and questions)
if you say that you can’t afford to do something, you mean that you should not do it because it will cause problems for you if you do

I'd to take out a loan to pay for the medical expenses.
take out a loan
to receive a loan of money from creditors or a financial institution.

The money was repaid with interest.
interest
the extra money that you pay back when you borrow money or that you receive when you invest money


If you're that sorry. How about treating me to some food?
treat to 
provide someone with (food, drink, or entertainment) at one's own expense.

It got so quiet that the air seems chilly.
chilly
(especially of the weather or a place, but also of people) too cold to be comfortable

Those who don't  follow these commandments, will never return alive.
commandment
a law given by God, especially any of the Ten Commandments given to the Jews in the Bible

You guys are all spouting nonsense! it was a mistake to even come here!
spout nonsense
to speak a lot about something; to repeat something in a boring or annoying way// this means what they are saying is ridiculous/unreasonable/silly

During my fisrt raid  i accidentally broke away from my team and got lost.
break away
​to move away from a crowd or group,

Joe's extremy strong when it comes down to protecting someone!!
come down to
to depend on a single important point

The package includes 20 days' paid holiday a year.
holidays 
(North American English vacation) a period of time when you are not at work or school