
I made sure to pick up your arm, too. They should be able to reattach it for ypu.
reattach 
attach (something that has fallen or been taken off) in its former position.

all the fun of the fair
fair
a type of entertainment in a field or park at which people can ride on large machines and play games to win prizes

Wouldn't it be nice? to find a screw able to mend all this sadness.
mend
repair (something that is broken or damaged).

A crippling disease.
crippling
damaging somebody's body so that they are no longer able to walk or move normally

In the past there've been two times. When I held your life in my hands and both times I've spared it.
spare
To refrain from harming, injuring, destroying, or killing

It was so hot day and the wind was building, he clashed from flying too low when a gust hit him.
gust
​a sudden strong increase in the amount and speed of wind that is blowing

It was so hot day and the wind was building.
building
to create or develop something

Now that it's all come down to this.
come down to
(of a situation or outcome) be dependent on a specified factor // resumir-se

The two teams clash in tomorrow's final.
clash
to come together and fight or compete in a contest

What a crappy bike if it were anything like skate. This curb here would make it easy to pull off a trick even mid-turn.
pull off
to succeed in doing something difficult

I'd like to place an order for delivery.
place an order
to place an order: to request, to buy, to purchase (in a commercial context)

We placed an advertisement for a cleaner in the local paper.
place an order
to give instructions about something or make a request for something to happen

During his visit, Mark became increasingly attached to Sara.
attached
full of affection or fondness.

Rachel the wing road may not be encompassing enough for you.
encompass
to surround or cover something completely

Alright, I'm heading out to go shopping. Is there anything you need?
head out
to leave or depart, often used in reference to a planned departure or as a way to announce one's exit.
