This isn't the first time the homeless man's tent has been gutted down by the fire.
gut 
remove or destroy completely the internal parts of (a building or other structure).

how was it? The feeling of being rammed over by the strike tires.
rammed over
to crash with force against (another object) or (of two moving objects) to collide in this way

How did you get caught up in this mess?
caught up 
excited about something and having trouble thinking about anything else

U're definitely a laudable murdeder.
laudable
(SYNONYM commendable) deserving to be praised or admired, even if not really successful

Why can't the criminal's parents, the root of this can be acquitted?
acquitted
to decide and state officially in court that somebody is not guilty of a crime

I didn't know that was ur kink Joe.
kink 
a person's personal sexual taste, considered unusual by most people; these tastes in general

The telephone is by the window.
by 
near somebody/something; at the side of somebody/something; next to somebody/something

U've placed urself in a hodgepodge of strong individuals and come to know various metrics of strength.
hodgepodge
​a number of things mixed together without any particular order or reason

U haven't dulled a bit.
dulled 
make or become dull or less intense

Awe and respect.
awe
​feelings of respect and slight fear; feelings of being very impressed by something/somebody

Convincing myself that I had gained in some way from my loss was just pure sophistry.
sophistry
the use of clever arguments to persuade people that something is true when it is really false

I foresaw a divination of ur arrival.
divination 
the act of finding out and saying what will happen in the future

When the world's end is nigh, the dragon of the seas will awaken from its long slumber.
nigh
almost; nearly

I won't submit to a sketchy nobody like U!
sketchy
(SYNONYM rough) not complete or detailed and therefore not very useful

He was hostile to their hypocritical sophistries.
sophistry
a reason or an explanation that tries to show that something is true when it is really false
