He was dressed impeccably in a suit and tie.
tie 
a long, narrow piece of cloth worn around the neck, especially by men, with a knot in front

But it'd be best if u get acclimated to all this.
acclimated
​to get used to a new place, situation or climate

Wait a minute I should be able to tape it up.
tape something up
fasten tape around it firmly, in order to protect it or hold it in a fixed position.

He has a chance to redeem himself after last week's mistakes.
redeem
to do something to improve the opinion that people have of you, especially after you have done something bad

U've absolutely no redeeming features whatsoever.
redeeming
(SYNONYM compensate) to make somebody/something seem less bad

That was ur boyfriend's fault! why are u taking it out on our Sara?
take something out on someone
to treat someone badly because one feels angry, frustrated, etc

The vividness of the colours.
vividness
the quality of being very bright

The wine makes a good accompaniment to fish dishes.
accompaniment
something that you eat, drink or use together with something else

U reap what u sow.
reap what u sow
to experience the same kind of things that one has caused other people to experience

A little dried up, for sure, but I definitely see an old face.
dried up
depleted of water or moisture; gone dry

A student mucj like urself was found there, defiled beyond recognition.
defile
to make something dirty or no longer pure, especially something that people consider important or holy

Cheh, always harping on about the same things.
harping on
to keep talking about something in a boring or annoying way

How u took that thick, strong appendage(= dick), and shoved it deep.
appendage
a projecting part of an invertebrate or other living organism, with a distinct appearance or function.

I'm a peddle, I'm selling possibility to those who dream of new lives with new bodies.
peddle
to try to sell goods by going from house to house or from place to place

Understanding that life goes on even after dreaming up something!
dream up
to have an idea, especially a very unusual or silly one

My watch keeps going wrong.
goin wrong
(of a machine) to stop working correctly
 
The relationship started to go wrong when they moved abroad.
go wrong
to experience problems or difficulties

Hundreds more people were waiting outside the jammed stadium. 
jammed
(SYNONYM jam-packed) very full; crowded

What do u people?
you people
refers to a group of more than one person.
