The only thing ur eyes saw was ur dream! As that's what u set out to follow.
set out
​to begin a job, task, etc. with a particular aim or goal

U're doing the same thing as their lies!
(wake up dead man cap 42)

With nothing but a worn-out guitar, u single-minded chased after ur dream but with desire. U've come this far down to that reason alone.
single-minded
having or concentrating on only one aim or purpose

A man trynna hop the fence of the world for love!
hope
(of a person) to move by jumping on one foot

It's not something to brag about.
brag
(SYNONYM boast) sto talk too proudly about something you own or something you have done

Her remarks about me were embarrassingly close to home.
close to home
affecting someone personally, typically in a way that makes them feel unsettled or uncomfortable.

The next year tragedy struck much closer to home.
close to home
​that involves somebody directly

Being a doormat's in ur blood.
doormat
a person who allows other people to treat them badly but usually does not complain

U're the only one I ca turn to now.
turn to
​to go to somebody/something for help, advice, etc.

She's the bereaved family member.
bereaved
having lost a relative or close friend who has recently died

How's that the law.
how
in what way or manner

There's a ruler  which states that a  man who's caught by the ankles by a bitch can never do anything of any importance.
ankles
the joint connecting the foot to the leg; the narrow part of the leg just above the ankle joint

I'll bet that Joe will throw away his groupie.
groupie
a person who is a very enthusiastic fan of a pop group, singer or other famous person and tries to see or meet them whenever they can

He may be fatuous nad insencere, but he was always there to protect me when I was in danger.
fatuous
​stupid

'Cuz u're trynna achieve something on such a higher scale than what's really feasible, there's really no time to concern urself with anything else.
feasible
that is possible and likely to be achieved

The truth is, I made that all up; we needed something to rally up the zombies with.
I made something all up
To contrive something that is not true or real; to fabricate

That scoundrel hound.
scoundrel
a dishonest or unscrupulous person; a rogue

Act like a grown-up, for crying out loud, no need for sudden hissy fit.
hissy fit
(SYNONYM tantrum) a sudden short period of angry behaviour for no good reason

The biggest hurdle of them all had to get in the way.
hurdle
(SYNONYM obstacle) a problem or difficulty that must be solved or dealt with before you can achieve something
