Meanwhile, the attack has effectively disrupted, all the city functions in Gaza District 2.
disrupted
to make it difficult for something to continue in the normal way

Alone in the car, she shuddered with fear.
shuddered 
to shake because you are cold or frightened, or because of a strong feeling

The governing body is charged with managing the school within its budget.
charged 
to give somebody a responsibility or task

I had always been attracted by the idea of working abroad.
attracted
if you are attracted by something, it interests you and makes you want it; if you are attracted by somebody, you like or admire them

It had been a difficult week, so when the car broke down, it was the straw that broke the camel's back.
the straw that broke the camel's back
the last in a series of bad things that happen to make someone very upset, angry, etc.

The moment of a guitar amidst the cacophony.
cacophony
a mixture of loud unpleasant sounds

Just explain it to me in layman's terms.
layman
​a person who does not have expert knowledge of a particular subject

The moment of a guitar amidst the cacophony, made everyone forget about the fighting.
amidst
in the middle of or during something, especially something that causes excitement or fear

It's a keepsake with precious memories for me.
keepsake
(SYNONYM memento) a small object that somebody gives you so that you will remember them

We're faulty cogwheels that don't fit in that mechanism. A misfit part that can break the whole clock.
misfit
something that does not fit or that fits badly.

We're faulty cogwheel htat don't fit in that mechanism.
cogwheel
a wheel with a series of teeth on the edge that fit between the teeth on the next wheel and cause it to move

Don't sweat about the small stuff. Just take a look at this.
sweat something
to worry or be nervous about something

The study leaves more doubts.
leave
to make something happen or remain as a result

Just what have we done so wrong to warrant such a huge fuss?
warrant
​to make something necessary or appropriate in a particular situation

We've got better things to fret about.
fret
​to be worried or unhappy and not able to relax

Then are u saying I should've just let 'im continue his drivel?
drivel
ideas, statements or beliefs that you think are silly or not true

It's the fare for your final passage.
fare
item/money buried with along with the dead, so they can pay for they final journey in the netherworld.

Why does this baldie keep going on about sword?
baldie
(Also baldy) ​an offensive word for a person who has no hair or almost no hair on their head

With guys like him prowling around, I guess this town isn't so safe anymore.
prowling
to move quietly and carefully around an area, especially when hunting
