Whatcha doin? U fell or something? Giddy up, talk to us.
giddy up
used to get a horse to start moving or go faster.

I acted prude in front of a fellow sister.
prude
a person who is or claims to be easily shocked by matters relating to sex or nudity

if it were up to her family, I'm sure they'd do the same.
up to someone
the duty, responsibility, or choice of (someone)

Quick! U need to wire money to this one bank account.
wire
to send money from one bank to another using an electronic system

It's just a drizzling rain.
drizzling
when it is drizzling, it is raining lightly

I was troubled when I saw u unchanged for 20 years.
troubled
(of a person) worried and anxious

I don't kill women. But I can make them handicapped.
handicapped
having a condition that markedly restricts one's ability to function physically, mentally, or socially

I'm an officer. I'll sort it out!
sort out
to deal with somebody’s/your own problems successfully

If she burps I know what she ate, and I constantly worry about her health.
burps
(SYNONYM belch) to let out air from the stomach through the mouth, making a noise

Investigators swooped on the Graf family home.
swooped 
(especially of police or soldiers) to visit or attack somebody/something suddenly and without warning

I can't tell whether he's really upset or if he's just putting it on.
put on someone/something
to appear to have a feeling or way of behaving that is not real or not natural for you

U there trampled all over him.
trampled
to step heavily on somebody/something so that you damage or harm them/it with your feet

I saved u! I allowed u to live! But now u're gonna ditch me.
ditch
to get rid of something/somebody because you no longer want or need it/them

So what? I can do the fingerstyle with my toes!
fingerstyle
a method of playing a stringed instrument (such as a guitar) with the thumb and tips of the fingers rather than with a pick.

I bet u were poking around to look for photos of that trashy idol Sara again.
poking around
look around a place, typically in search of something

Obstructing an officer in the line of duty is a felony offense.
felony offense
a crime punishable by a term of imprisonment of one year or more

I didn't mean to do that at first, but the ad-lib suddenly came to me, y'know.
ad-lib
something that you say in a speech or a performance that you have not prepared or practised

I got this hoping to listen Sara, but all I've got is this useless drivel news.
drivel
(SYNONYM nonsense) ideas, statements or beliefs that you think are silly or not true

How's the song coming along?
coming along
(SYNONYM progress) to improve or develop in the way that you want
