There's one. One of the unmanned freight trains runs with an old OS and always stops here.
freight
​goods that are transported by ships, planes, trains or lorries; the system of transporting goods in this way

Ur body is in in tatters
in tatters
destroyed; ruined

His violence was barely leashed.
leashed 
(SYNONYM control) restrain

That bed is why u're not focus on word and dozing off all day!
dozing off
to fall asleep especially for a short period of time

U know the term, "noblesse oblige" right?
noblesse oblige 
the inferred responsibility of privileged people to act with generosity and nobility toward those less privileged

The children were rushing about in the garden.
about
in many directions; here and there

Then, would u rather betray her, or betray ur dream?
would rather
would prefer to

Why didn't you ask for help, rather than trying to do it on your own?
rather than
​instead of somebody/something

U can't retrace ut steps, nor have the courage to stop walking. Just bear all regrets, just bury all ur lingering deires, and though u might look back again and again, u can only continue walking forward.
lingering
slow to end or disappear

But I don't wallow in despair.
wallow
(of large animals or people) to lie and roll about in water or mud, to keep cool or for pleasure

Her books were lying about on the floor.
about
in no particular order; in various places

She doesn't feel she has to put on an act
put on 
behave deceptively

Slowly the awful truth dawned.
dawned
to become obvious or easy to understand

The sudden realization of what she had done.
realisation 
(SYNONYM awareness) the process of becoming aware of something

It's just acrid fate.
acrid
(SYNONYM pungent) having a strong, bitter smell or taste that is unpleasant

Don't act like u're right! U're bleeding from each nostril!
nostril
either of the two openings at the end of the nose that you breathe through

Even though I barely slipped out of school on my own
slipped
escape or get loose from (a means of restraint)

This unworldly story will have nothing to do with me.
unworldly
not seeming to belong to this planet; strange.

No I can't see, but I know Your tie's crooked.
crooked
not in a straight line; bent or twisted
