An unmanned Mars mission.
unmanned
if a machine, a vehicle, a place or an activity is unmanned, it does not have or need a person to control or operate it

A man got skewered to a wall here, and u call it peaceful.
skewered
to push a skewer(a long thin pointed piece of metal or wood) or other thin pointed object through something

The women put cubes of meat and vegetables on skewers for the barbecue.
skewer
a long thin pointed piece of metal or wood that is pushed through pieces of meat, vegetables, etc. to hold them together while they are cooking, or used to test whether something is completely cooked

There was a covenant between them that her name was never to be mentioned.
covenant
(SYNONYM agreement) a promise to somebody, or a legal agreement, especially one to pay a regular amount of money to somebody/something

Wow, a fandom that remains steadfast even after death.
steadfast 
(SYNONYM firm) not changing your attitudes or aims

Would it be a better death if I just waited meekly for it to come?
meekly
​quietly, without protesting or expressing your own opinion

What, don't bother me. It's useless trynna dissuade me.
dissuade
to persuade somebody not to do something

And so it shattered. The one thing that drove me on, the image that's been supporting me, was shattered, right before m eyes.
drive someone on (to something)
to make someone move onward toward some kind of success

They showed great perseverance in the face of difficulty.
perseverance
​the quality of continuing to try to achieve a particular aim despite difficulties

The words that vindicate my perseverance, my faith.
vindicate
(SYNONYM justify) to prove that something is true or that you were right to do something, especially when other people had a different opinion

I'm lost for words.
lost for words
unable to think of anything to say

U don't know what u're talking about! A gag lives through reiterations!
gag
a restriction on freedom of speech or dissemination of information

The government's foreign policy is approved by 54 percent of men as against 48 percent of women.
as against 
in comparison to

U don't know just how puerile and cowardly people can be!
puerile
(SYNONYM childish) ​silly; suitable for a child rather than an adult

Especially so for corpses like us who're plastered to the bottom of society.
plastered
to cover somebody/something with a wet or sticky substance

That's what u get for going around with a kitchen snife. A kitchen snife, for god's sake!
for god's sake
an exclamation of anger, surprise, or impatience.

When u ran out with a face as if nothing else in the worlds mattered, I thought it might actually get interesting, but what's all this now?
ran
to move using your legs, going faster than when you walk

Don't u think it's a waste? U can start afresh, can't u?
afresh
again, especially from the beginning or with new ideas

She's sleeping now, she hasn't had any fits lately, that's a relief.
fit
a sudden attack of an illness, such as epilepsy, in which somebody becomes unconscious and their body may make violent movements
