Now that the fissures have subsided.
subsided
to become calmer, quieter or less intense

Now that the fissures have subsided, we should be able to evacuate the danger zone by boat.
fissures
a long deep opening in something, especially in rock or in the earth

Speaking of monsters, those two giant ones that were wreaking havoc just earlier.
wreaking
to do great damage or harm to somebody/something

The farmer let the tinkers use his field for their camp.
tinkers
an offensive word for a Traveller, Romani or other member of the travelling community

I treated you like a spoiled child.
spoiled child
A spoiled child or spoiled brat is a derogatory term aimed at children who exhibit behavioral problems from being overindulged by their parents or other caregivers

New members will be issued with a temporary identity card.
issued
to give something to somebody, especially officially

Has ur unfaltering fath in Joe remaind unchanged.
unfaltering
not faltering; steady; resolute

I got the inkling that Joe was different from the rest.
inkling
​a slight knowledge of something that is happening or about to happen

The homeless man was a scrounging around the dumpster for something to eat.
scrounging
scrounge can mean to scavenge, steal, hunt around for in order to take

This new contract is gonna line our pockets for years.
line someone pockets
you disapprove of them because they are making money dishonestly or unfairly

Maple syrup is made from sap extracted from the sugar maple tree.
sap
the liquid in a plant or tree that carries food to all its parts

Selling the idea of a dream as to rob someone down to the lining of their pockets.
line one's pockets
(SYNONYM get rich, make money)(wake up dead man cap 43) to con or to scam // to take money freely and especially dishonestly

The accountant had been skimming off a few thousand dollars a month before the employer caught on.
accountant
a person whose job is to keep or check financial accounts

She grew up with Chinese customs and traditions.
custom
an accepted way of behaving or of doing things in a society or a community

My superior officer.
superior
higher in rank, importance or position

So what u'll do? will u save this chlid and die here or will u join me and star on a bigger stage?
star
to have one of the main parts in a film, play, etc.

Didn't I tell u? it was a line u had to figure out.
line
the words spoken by an actor in a play or film

I think you've outgrown playing around by drawing graffiti on stuff.
outgrown
to stop doing something or lose interest in something as you become older

She said she grabbed thread at her first birthday ceremony.
grabbed thread at first birthday
If the child picks up the thread, it is believed they will live a long life
