He had drugged her and then violated her.
violated
(SYNONYM rape)to force somebody to have sex

With a little effort u might have gazed me.
gazed
to break the surface of your skin by rubbing it against something rough

Stock markets plunged at the news of the coup.
plunged
(SYNONYM plummet)(of prices, temperatures, etc.) to decrease suddenly and quickly

She wondered whether to enter for the race, but decided to take the plunge.
take the plunge
commit oneself to a course of action about which one is nervous.

Please take care of this tykes for me.
tykes
a small child, especially one who behaves badly

She creeps along the gorund, scraping her face across the surface and completely blocks her enemies from moving before finishing 'em off.
creeps
(SYNONYM crawl) to move with your body close to the ground; to move slowly on your hands and knees

The flight was rerouted through Singapore.
rerouted
to change the route that a road, vehicle, phone call, etc. normally follows

She boiled up the chicken carcass (= the bones of a cooked chicken) to make soup.
carcasses
the dead body of an animal, especially of a large one or of one that is ready for cutting up as meat

Clothes were strewn across the floor.
strewn
(SYNONYM scatter) to cover a surface with things

How about this name? It has the perfect ring to it!
ring
a particular quality conveyed by something heard or expressed.

The grittiness of the coffee.
grittiness
the fact of containing or being like grit (the courage and strength of mind that makes it possible for somebody to continue doing something difficult or unpleasant)

There is a long list of hustles used to avoid the draft.
hustles
a situation in which somebody uses dishonest or illegal methods in order to achieve something, usually to get money

Her first screen outing in three years.
outing
an appearance in something, as an athletic event or show.

The train left the track and plunged down the embankment.
plunged
to move or make somebody/something move suddenly forwards and/or downwards

A trail through the forest.
trail
a path through the countryside
