She's recovering after surgery to remove a benign tumour.
benign
(OPPOSITE malignant)(of tumours growing in the body) not dangerous or likely to cause death

The smell of the sea called up memories of her childhood.
called up
(SYNONYM recall) to bring something back to your mind

The illness left them with open sores all over their backs.
sores
(SYNONYM wound1 ) a painful, often red, place on your body where there is a wound or an infection

Jane told some evil gossip about Bill out of spite. That was not an accident! You did it out of spite.
out of spite
with the desire to harm someone or something. 

I called his address up on the computer.
called sth up
​to use something that is stored or kept available

Inflammatory cells.
inflammatory
relating to or causing inflammation of a part of the body.

When I woke up my head was sore and throbbing.
sore
​if a part of your body is sore, it is painful, and often red, especially because of infection or because a muscle has been used too much

He was still sore at me for telling him he couldn't sing.
sore
(SYNONYM annoyed) upset and angry, especially because you have been treated unfairl

Two candidates are up for election.
up for sth
​being considered for something, especially as a candidate

We're going clubbing tonight. Are you up for it?
up for sth
willing to take part in a particular activity

Demand for the new model's outrunning supply.
outrunning
(SYNONYM outstrip) to develop faster than something

These machines have lain idle since the factory closed.
lain
(P.P of lie1) to be, remain or be kept in a particular state

A spy thriller.
thriller
​a book, play or film with an exciting story, especially one about crime or spying

They lopped 20p off the price.
looped off
​to make something smaller or less by a particular amount

He was so charged up, he couldn't sleep.
charged up
excited and full of energy

A group of kids were loafing around outside.
loafing
(SYNONYM hang about) to spend your time not doing anything, especially when you should be working

I hete the goof-off, they must be fired!
goof off
to spend your time doing nothing, especially when you should be working
